can we take a moment. twenty one pilots is what keeps Austin weird
Hope you enjoyed the performance Aussies! Remember 'Get Weird' is out November 6th :)
Why does my brain make up weird impossible scenarios to stress about at 3:18 am?
Excuse me .. I got 10/10 in a spelling test once... for some weird reason autocorrect is f***ing me over
Character Density: the number of very weird people in the office.
7 Weird Facts About Your Balls!
The more weird you are, the more fun you are.
Whenever I eat a mint I immediately sneeze. On a scale of Taylor Swift to Miley Cyrus, how weird is that?
Star Wars fans ditch first dance tradition at their #wedding: @DailyMirror
When I saw the mailman walking up to my door on a Sunday I thought it was some weird home invasion thing. Not that I'm pa
I swear to god i have a weird friend
Totally perfect description of Aust's weird attitude to asylum seekers #auspol #auspol via @tay
You're weird miho But i'm weird too... so match no #TOMIHOLoveConquersAll
A Boy Walked By A Lake And Saw Something Weird. Nobody Saw This Coming. WOW.
"Life is too short to be normal. Stay weird."
this sounds so weird orz
if you're weird i automatically like you
was a weird ep last night
The best friendships tend to be with the people in which you can openly be weird with.
All these new school grime fans know is Jme and skepta.. It's even weird talking to them..
It's the one day a year you and your dog can match without it being weird. | #AKC #HOWLoween
Never really spoke to her or anything. Weird ass people. The real you is still cute af haha. Gotta head backbto work. Talk ltr
A lot of weird things turn out to be good. Here's why we embrace #Goodweird:
I tweet more when I don't have net then when I do have net. What a weird thing~
A young lady has started work in our office and all of a sudden weird ed has started telling jokes like he's part of the social group.
wants Cameron 2 have his say. However he has so far not obliged them. Ergo pretty weird 2 say we don't have a say 2/2
It's weird. Out of everyone i follow on Youtube i get under 300 club on Jimmy Fallon most who has like 9mil subs lol.
Is it weird that i shower at this time of night? it's soothing to me.
If I'm weird around you, that means I'm comfortable with you..
I know. The light has that weird quality, not expecting it to snow though. Or rain, even.
starbucks has really weird music. the woman sounds like a dying cow
I like weird people tbh
A real relationship. Has fights. Has trust. Has faith. Has tears. Has hurt. Has laughter. Has weird, stupid, unnecessary argum
You 1D fans have been apologising to the band for doing some very weird stuff #1DImSorryFor
I love the person who appreciate me, even if I have a weird personality.
The Internet's new weird trend is people posing naked as frozen chickens...
And also your weird attitude
weird shit going on with twitter right now!
He's super weird and good and needs experience. Has the personality but needs to broaden his feel for audiences. His youtube
Since discovering #zedge, my contact ringtones have changed. This morning was weird though. A random number assigned to 'ginger alert' lol
I just thought really hard and realized how weird twins are. I have a best friend who's always with me and happens to look
Jessica Alba's Bikini Camel Toe Is Weird
"Just be yourself. Let people see the real, imperfect, flawed, quirky, weird, beautiful, magical per
Is it weird to be listening to Christmas songs rn?
Fireworks at 5 am??? Weird.
Is it weird that I think this ?
Your eyes are your soul, there so unique, it's so fucking weird when girls wear coloured contacts, stop hiding yourself.
I get ya - being a 'young adult' is weird xxxx
This is my actual to-do list right now my life is weird
relationships that i form with people are weird ,
I think it's funny when people fall asleep on you on the phone you're just listening to them they're saying weird shit in their sleep
Weird Vision's World: The Impaler's Revenge Reviews Wanted #vampires #freebies #amreading
Weird that I just had a conversation where I said with great feeling I miss Peter Jennings.
Tips - Give weird answers to get rid of annoying conversations
again :) because I had a weird day... watching The Walking Dead
By weird I mean it's just a different feeling due to a good condition stick. I'll get used to it.
The Call of the Weird: Travels in American Subcultures - Louis Theroux | Travel ...
#5SOSonQ100 See these weird tips to help you get rid of cellulite in our cellulite removal video.
#ChocolateWeek # See these weird tips to help you get rid of cellulite in our cellulite removal video.
clapping is weird as fuck. good night.
OMG I DON'T THINK I'M MENTALLY PREPARED FOR THE FACT THAT GET WEIRD IS OUT IN LESS THAN A MONTH!!! #GetWeird @LittleMix
Witty view of the weird world of fashion
So weird that my parents had to have sex to have me.
Even though its weird but its a good start right? @yappohyee
Photos so awkward you won't be able to look away
About to see William shatner's show which should be suitably weird and out of this world at the festival theatre.
Gone home sick (weird stomach thing). At least I came home to some good news. Dark Souls 3 beta HYPE!
It's weird how after making friends with ppl from je gym, they'd follow my insta the next day lol how did they even find me
I'd rather be weird than boring.
weird kid at camp plays the name game (Vine by adam perkins)
bruh I texted her the next morning just one text, if she was all good. That's it. She told Shelby/leighann that I'm weird. Wtf
getting called ugly is so weirdim literally sitting here beautiful as hell skin glowing and all that like whats up wit
Love waking up at 5 am cause random cats are making weird noises outside my window
GSA students just seem 100x happier than everyone else, it's weird
Old wood old walls I love 'em, am I weird? :-)
Shoutout to everyone who finds weird peace in having a cup of chai around at all times but never really drinks it.
i just remembered how sleep-deprived i am. couple that with my weird digestion issues and my plate exhaustion n ya got yourself a Dead Julia
so weird I've never noticed this. Hopefully because I was so wrapped up in the story, it didn't make>;
Weird how people can just find you instantly on social media after just seeing you for the first time
because they make his head feel weird
last day of being 12 years old.. wow feels weird
Ive been listening to so many Aussie, US and UK radio that it feels weird to listen to my local radio station for updates -Asyxx
that shit weird
It\'s weird as fuck how "xxx" went from being "a fancy fuck outta u" to "haha am being a sarcastic wee cunt lol" withou
i look so weird
wow bro sounds like things got weird pretty quickly
Making weird faces in pictures because it's better to look ugly on purpose
Is it weird this scene came to mind when I read your tweet? :))
Is it weird that evrybody's using like a HUGE laptop while me using like a 10inch notebook
S!utty Wedding Dresses Your Mother Would Never Let You Buy
So weird looking at pictures of people that you used to be so close with and now you don't even look or talk too each othe
Sometimes I wonder why people follow me. I'm like super weird
Mad About Monkeys: A Loving Illustrated Encyclopedia of Weird Wonderful Kindred Creatures: - I WANT 1
I got shown too after I got my eyes checked :) it's so weird
i can never be an asshole. I have tried but feels weird and that's not me. So fuck it have to be the nice guy lol nimodo
Reading before bed always gives me weird dreams.
This is a cute/weird tweet. sml niall
New monthly hour of noises...This one's a bit weird and freaky but then so are you...
Watch: perform on @thexfactor_au, announcing 'The Get Weird Tour' is to hit Autralia in May 2016!
My best friend + executive producer of Badlands proving again, he's cooler than my weird ass pop music
ok lol rude this is like asking do u have weird cancer ??? lol ppl are so i sensitive towards mental illness bye
"Double, double, toil and trouble; Fire burn and cauldrom bubble." Weird Sisters #macbethknust 01.11.15 CCB #k
I'm looking at a graph of donations. Each major jump has followed GamerGate doing something terrible. Weird, huh? They
Weird Diseases That You Hardly Know
[ right. Gotta keep up with the pace. So weird, so weird me. ] "Axel, you\'re a man, stop embarassing yourself." [ Shut up, Alejandro. ]
Pivoting is still really weird on this new controller. Every time I miss one I fly off the stage due to just assuming I'll hit it lmao
What Happens In Russian Nightclubs Is So Hot but also So Weird:
Its weird people notice my weird tweets but then when I talk about loving yourself and being confident people dont see it or ignore it.
me: is it weird i talk 2 myself me: ya a bit\xff me: could be worse we could be a killer\xff me: das true\xff me: I'm hungry\xff me: me too lets eat
Weird Object Washed Up on Beach looks like it could have come from an alien! #socialnews
do u ever fall down a tumblr hole and end up on weird weird weird blogs
Is it weird that I think that MattDotZeb is good looking?
When little mix announce they added Europa, Australia and America dates to get weird tour
Some of the weird things you'll find in Japan! #socialnews
I used to be like that, its so weird to see it from the outside
Think I'm turning into a vampire slowly towards Halloween
lol probably. It's so weird them together lol!!! Kim jong kook likes those very shy type and feminine type of girls one hahah
I was crying and I saw a weird photo of Calum and smiled and mum mum was like "now there a smile" lmao yeah u got me
You One Direction fans are apologising to the band for some verrry weird stuff #1DImSorryFor
contented*** what the hell ... for some weird reason typos are f***ing me over
Is it weird that I hear angels every time that you moan?!
Kashmir is such a weird song.
Take Surveys For Cash: Discover a weird trick I use to make over $3,500 per month taking paid surveys online.
some1 said about The Glugg last nite that it was a bunch of cool young ppl then some weird older guys were like 'ill be in ur band'
The Millionaire's Brain: Crawl into the minds of self-made millionaires and earn more with these 3 weird tips.
#LittleMixInOz #BlueRoom Are you comming to Europe in the 'Get Weird Tour' ? We need see you here! x
She SOO weird
R4 Today? Agreed. I thought her dismissive laughter played very badly. Came across as both weird and dismissive.
...don't really like the picture.. it looks weird for some reason.. maybe only me haha
I CAN\'T WAIT MORE FOR HEAR "GET WEIRD"
This video is really.. WEIRD LOL i love it ht
A little bit in love with the slip case version of 'Get Weird'! Leigh x
I just don't remember it being about back then which is weird cos we'd watch anything and everything hip hop related
Out of control David Letterman LateShow interview Oliver Reed. Reed deals with snark by doing weird impressions
Big fan of the Frotcast. What's the weird Twitter account Bret references a lot? Is he saying Bacoon?
How weird this man
very weird given the astronomical profits made by their competitors...
Being "weird" is something to take pride on, not something you should shy away from "normal" people
/making weird noises/
Uni is empty today .. Weird
Weird but compelling! Poke Challenge: Bruce Forysth Art | The Poke
Get Weird Tour is going to Australia in May 2016
it's pretty weird how rats are suddenly getting internet famous given this is the usual chill spot for cats
5 nifty (or weird) things you can back on Kickstarter
why do i sense something weird-
you're weird.
These rankings look fixed or gauged really weird.
Weird feelings bro
"Weird people are attractive."
So weird watching #Grimm now that I've been to #Portland. I keep seeing places I recognise! :)
Weird not to have a large paw plonked on my arm as if to say quit with the books,I need attention!
Brandy Gallons Winter is the only place on earth where all the most weird and wonderful specimens of this world congregate
Australia will get the get weird tour in May. so April will be for Europe then?
Hi Samantha! Is there a way of sending you an email / msg about your blog? Nothing weird. Though I would say that. It's not!
id be lying if id say i wouldnt smash but the way she looks is just weird
Kinda weird feeling
i feel all weird inside
and I bet you will look hot even if you are a walking zombie. Where did that come from tho. lol I am weird, oops.
very weird noises in my head lol
omg I cannot get over how the science questions was legit 2% from the form 1-3 text book and 98% some weird farm shit
they smell so weird wtf
Love is just weird
she is soooo weird
that just seems weird to me that it's always new songs reaping that when they're down on the chart
Getting weird at the Empire Awards with
you look like far too many people. It's weird as fuck.
The weird thing about houses, they almost always look like nothing is happening inside of them, even though they contain most of our lives"
#Kafka was weird. But I guess that's why I kinda like his writings... #literature #Study
Yeah, that's the one I was looking at too. Jan 2nd vs Cairns clashes with the Weird Al concert.
lol that conversation war weird..but the point I originally made was that he can be considered innocent, but was not proven
As bullies me that I am a FREAK... I want to tell YOU, 8 SUPER WEIRD THINGS about me ! Check it out
So weird when someone calls you cher... i was calling people cher a few mths back
I DIDN'T!!!!! because I thought it was WEIRD
Eeeeeeh. Ka weird sng aftertaste sang ovaltine cookies. Daw dogfood
I feel so weird tonight
Weird Texts From My Daughter
Sometimes I feel like nobody understands me. Yeah I'm weird. But still...
Juz niedlugo get weird fndnsisksk
so weird. Idk who wouldn't fucking wife yuri. She's a fucking riot.
If it's in the #ukip Express, it must be true. #fail #losers #propaganda
Kinda weird to know me, you chill like a fool.
Nah not at all tbh.. It's weird now
Outcry in Connecticut Brings Back Canceled Halloween Parades
Hey @chrissyteigen, I promise this isn't weird at all but, do you need a nanny? Seriously though, congrats! #NotReallyJoking #MaryPoppins
I had weird dreams again
wooow Jaycob Omar are so weird.
I liked a video from "OLD HAIRY PECKERS!!!" - SWAG (Some Weird Ass Games)
Weird Birthday Cards
I had a weird dream. So that was fun
LEAKED Video Of What China Found On The Moon, WEIRD!16 @
Hmp... That weird bot came by... Do he and Koibi-chan have a thing going on??
IT'S SO WEIRD HOW AFTER 5 YEARS ONE DIRECTION STILL MEANS A LOT TO ME I HAVE SEEN A LOT OF PEOPLE DROPPING OUT BUT I'M NO
U ever forgot u knew someone?...weird
is u weird la hahaha
This is your body on a 100-mile run (and things get a little weird):
Well work isn't at all weird today....
I wanna call them sons but i feel weird lmao
Weird Diseases That You Hardly Know (15 Photos)
my name is weird
I feel so weird haha lol what happened to me last night
see you guys soon @1025Clyde1
Not keen on the new backlog item form! Weird formatting and no more save+close button, have to save then close as 2 clicks?
Hmp... That weird boy came by... Do he and Koibi-chan have a thing going on??
Say Goodbye to Thigh Gaps and Hello to Thighbrows
calling Gaga "Lady Gaga" is the same level of weird as calling your friend by their full name when you only call them
This is weird. #Republican and #Green?
my phone battery is so weird out takes hours to charge but a few minutes too die
Hope you enjoyed the performance Aussies! Remember 'Get Weird' is out November 6th :) LM HQ x
stop being weird he wtf just do it?
I really like how TIPS makes me sound, but my throat feels a bit weird afterwards... *clears throat*
you're weird too :D
I liked a video Saw something weird at Venus Gate Lord.. [Husky Raid]
Someone said Barcelona. Is it weird if I actually sang "ikaw at akooo" with feelings right after? no one understood it
Little Mix will take "The Get Weird Tour" to Australia on May 2016!
O'Connell's Ireland career is over. With him and BOD gone it's going to be a bit weird watching them in future
she got a couple more bites in and then make a weird noise, got up and ran to the bathroom and barely made it
It's weird how things end up ya know.
It's so good to be back! 16 Things That Seem Normal At University But Are Actually Really Weird
master is weird. she doesn't like certain foods that many people likes .__.
It's weird to feel like you miss someone you're not even sure you know.
European weird as, I'm going to Italy tomorrow and I haven't even started to pack
The Automatic Seduction System: In this short video you will discover a weird trick that makes women want to fuck
i do weird things for weird people. E.g getting cookies and cream limited edition
try calling Undyne too I guess? Idk it's weird that you didn't get a call.
finally changed my weird url "f-lowury" to
I'm not the jealous type. But my husband does think that's weird. Reason must be, that now I know my worth.
This cold is so weird! It just feels like a hangover (it's not, I promise)
Tend to google about any weird unexplainable condition of my body instead of consulting the doctor.
Farewell my voice. You will be missed! (even if you were doing this weird hungarian accent thing)
he is clumsy and awkward and weird... but he is one of the most adorable people I have ever known.
When I get someone a present for their birthday, I don't like writing a card to accompany it. Mainly because I write weird things in it.
Weird Tattoos in Strange Places
tell me "you\'re weird" one more time.. I dare you, idjit
Valbuena involved in weird stuff. Djibril Ciss\x82 (and 4 others) are in custody for a case of alleged blackmail against dimin
so down feels weird you not spending a night, you basically live w me
Weird and Disturbing Images
I talked to an actual woman today and it was weird.
It feels weird to still bump into Conficker variants in 2015.
I feel like they are just in too much of a rush to get them from oven to roll I've had few weird colour ones !!! my one in
Ask me if im in the mood for weird bible people asking me how i feel about the future at this time
Take pride in everything you do, from flipping burgers to building rockets. It will always show in the quality of your work.
I hope its not weird
I always see/feel/hear weird shit and ignore the fuck out of it whatever evil energy is present feeds off attention.
14 sounds that will remind you of your childhood
It's weird. You'd think he would be, but how often can you remember him playing for England?
Please note: We are not where that weird map on the left says we are. If you need to find us use Google map which...
A moment which was unthinkable. Watching him not play the game is the most weird feeling. Just doesnt feel right. #SaluteTheL
FEATURE Big Sam has the chance to continue this weird Sunderland run: #SAFC
the true pacifist has another ending after the first one, it's weird
That's exactly why it would feel weird.
things are going to get weird in the world of #oscarshotel tomorrow! see you on the internet for discussions and weird! SLEE
This footage of a 'suspension practitioner' will make your stomach churn
Fuckin weird how girls always forgive the boy but despise the girl. HAHAHAHAHHAHAHA aw love our logic x
IKR it's so weird!!!
I'm not saying it's baaad, it's just weird
weird enough for you?
oh yea at some point a few days ago it turned into some weird blue thing but on your profile it was still fei so
getting up at this time is so weird bc there's literally no one to talk to
That sentence sounds so weird
Weird situation the dutch find themselves in, I hope they do it as #Euro2016 won't be the same without their fans, can't see it though.
Just got off the phone with ... it felt weird to say goodbye but we promised to make more good music when h
it's a weird feeling to chance upon a glimpse on somebody's life that you felt so much guilt for. and seeing it is all good, is this relief?
i know right??? but he said i just had a weird ear infection that's getting better on its own... i already feel better tho
It's weird how Many of the happiest people own the least, but are we really so happy with our iPhones big houses and fancy cars..
I've had that before. It's a bit weird. Had plenty of peope just hang up after 'Hello' as well.
I'M NOT READY FOR GET WEIRD TOUR, GIRLSSSS
Just cause 3, Xenoblade Chronicles X and Tales Of Zestiria, with a bit of Fallout 3. I have a weird wide-ranging taste
wait Undyne didn't call you?? That's weird..... Try visiting her and Papyrus
my maths teacher is so weird ?
I love good socks. I love Seinfeld I love weird dark movies. I love books. I love swimming. I love the sun. I love rain. I
&lt; Sorry about asking and meeting out of the blue like this, I think I\'m experiencing a weird problem..." Lana put both her >;
Morning everyone! Tweeting this pic cos I love them weird faces by weird I mean.. () Bye now.
isn't it weird how in college there's no dress code but boys can still concentrate
#CocksNotGlocks - Because There's No Such Thing As An Assault Dildo (IMAGES)
Is it weird that whenever I read the full quote (including "there") I hear it in Christopher Daniel Barnes Spidey voice?
Don't make it weird and just take these baby ducks I caught for you.
HUFFINGTON POST WEIRD NEWS
if you're weird and funny I automatically like u
well that's just fucking weird, because they are supposed to be for people in the scrum
1st with moments after he said "Hey shannon!" I was caught offguard. My face is doing smth weird #torcon
Kinda weird but really nice to kinda see her again! ^^
Arjun uses my pic as his steam pic now all the weird cs ppl following me on Instagram wtf
The strangest thing about being in a relationship is that when you're alone it feels wrong. Like a part of you just isn't
this is weird
weird. my pizza always makes a doorbell noise when it's ready.
Your smile. Your eyes. Your voice. Your lips. Your hair. Your laugh. Your hands. Your humor. Your weird faces. Your teas
ghost_sightings: ghost_sightings: WEIRD DARKNESS: "A Poltergeist Named Lucy" - YouTube #paranormal #spooks #
If i'm Weird around you, it means i'm Comfy with you.
Feels weird to watch something from the antagonist pov
He was a rather tall and lanky ghost. The only other thing he said was that "he was just wandering around" "it\'s weird, man." #ghosts
I think the screen being tilted, and the weird lighting, actually adds a lot to this.
my music taste is so weird like I go from listening to 21 pilots, bmth, t swift, drake and skepta all in one day
It's so weird not having driving lessons anymore
Aye, it felt weird being allowed back in to the world after the ending. It was such a satisfying conclusion.
Thats too much she looks weird
Whenever I listen to Kisstory I just want to start busting some moves out but everyone in class will probably think am weird
When u see ur crush and ur doing something weird and u try to act normal
he may be weird at times, or maybe always but that's one of the things i love about him #HappyJiminDay
7 Weird Facts About Balls. Yess BALLS.....
IS IT WEIRD THAT UR INSIDE A INTERNET SHOP, W/ SOME KIDS PLAYING BEHIND U THEYRE CURSING 'SHIT MUTHA FUCKERS' EVEN IF THEYRE LIKE AGE 6?
Moods are so weird like I can be the happiest person and then one day out of nowhere I just need to die right then and there. Me today
Spend your life doing strange things with weird people.
YO IS MY ICON ON THE TL BRoken???? it looks weird for my friend
Okay this is little weird. My friend requested me to do this, so yea here
>; Playboy >; No more nude women >; In Playboy >;A magazine only famous for nude women You can't make this shit up, people
it's always such a weird feeling to go back to my bedroom after awhile away.
Is it weird that I wish he'd have the nurse do this prostate exam?
Like if you walk up to person rn and say hi they'll prolly think you're weird.
weird ass photo but my hair is blondey silver now :)
It's such a weird dichotomy I have with Twitter and Facebook. Here, no one I know, or care to know, reads my shit, so Idgaf.
i've never seen this place so empty before when i wasn't on semi hiatus, that's kinda weird. does that make me the life of the rp-
I'd rather my girl to drop 500$ on make up n shit, do some weird ass YouTube, snapchat, insta, Twitter blog n keep her
but if you press the "random article" link you get a well-organized, clearly explicated catalogue of weird sun memetics
12 astonishing facts about horses
Tom Hiddleston fans, prepare to get weird says #HighRise
it's weird since the localization is really good. Best since FFXII.
His Girlfriend SECRETLY Humiliated Him At The Airport... When He Realized What Happened... WOW!
I need to see my lover/dog fred IT'S BEEN TWO WEEKS (he's not actually my lover that would be weird!! Or would it!! It
my phone feels weird without him >;A&lt;
it was so weird seeing Jonathan in Leeds centre in his vlog
I'd rather my girl to drop 500$ on make up n shit, do some weird ass YouTube, snapchat, insta, Twitter blog n keep her ass home then be out
So weird if u think about it...
"I am sending my manuscript to publishers in the world but do not get success yet." Weird.
15 Weird Animals You Didn't Know Exist 10 Scared Me
that's so weird wtf...
On the sixth day, God created man, and on the seventh day, man got weird and created God. -Sekou
although I feel like meeting people is the most fun, because how weird some people are.
it's so weird to see my main account tweets here on my timeline LOL
Shoulda told me before I went on my weird jog. Would've jogged 2 u
Here are some of the strangest nightclubs around :)...
I liked a video from Grand Theft Auto V: 10 Weird Facts
. It's 2015. If you don't know the difference between 'Your' and 'you're', you're weird.
yeahhhhhhh not yet it was oct he always making weird sound istg hes not normal
We noticed this one in @guardianjobs. Bit of a weird one for them we reckon. It has been taken offline since.
youre weird
Weird thing - my eyes are stinging like I'm chopping onions and I can smell onions but there are none around! I'm being haunted by a bulb?!
I wake up at 4am daily and people think I am weird but they don't understand it's all for the dream.
Dating is weird, man.
"l\'m nice to the weird kid, so he\'ll spare my life when he snaps"
HAHAHAHA at C). Worse than French Connection? (which ends up being AWESOME it's so weird.)
You Can't Say That You're A True American Until you Know These Weird Facts About America
"It\'s impossible for Ayuzawa\'s voice to sound weird when you are so cute, isn\'t it?" Usui Takumi
weird kainis
Man Stopped When He Heard A Weird Noise In His Car, What He Found Shocked Him! #techweev
We've all got this weird passion for throwing a ball at eachother
What weird dreams I'm having recently.
It's weird that flying has gotten to be so commonplace I actually momentarily forget upcoming flights.
I'm easy to please; My rating scale is just weird! via @pinkindle
Soooi weird
me: is it weird i talk 2 myself me: ya a bit\xff me: could be worse we could be a killer\xff me: das true\xff me: I'm hungry\xff me: m
That's a weird preference for holding a discussion.
Don't be ashamed to be weird, no one is ever remember for being normal... Unless you have an obsession with cats, then you're fuckin weird!
Niall if you want us to know you personally you could tweet facts about you lol that sounds weird but think about it
that weird friend who treasures every other things except money
We Are So Looking Forward To Our First Release [ASTRX001] By Bringing His Weird Acid Mysterious Sounds #Al
My face on a coaster with weird...
7 FUNNY, WEIRD AND INTERESTING FACTS ABOUT MARRIAGE THAT WOULD REALLY MAKE YOUR DAY
So Jeanette deleted ALL his pictures and all her tweets. Very weird.
yes lol, its be weird if it wasnt, right?
It's a 10 minute walk from my house to the bar. It is a 2 hour walk from the bar back to my house. It's so weird.
Peru fans use a tortoise and magic to put a curse on Arsenals Alexis Sanchez. Fucking hell.
do you ever get a weird crush on someone that most ppl don't find attractive but you're just attracted to them and you don
14 Children's Drawings Of Pokemon Weird But Also Great
Went over fed next door's cat earlier. Probably shouldn't be bitching about this online but it looks fucking weird.
I'm about to watch the babadook on Netflix shit looks real weird
If you're weirder than my cat, you're weird.
So this new show #CrazyExGirlfriend is some weird ass quality musical comedy shit. should be feared!
I feel weird.
I'll make you feel as I weird as I am
Four Iranian women footballers banned from playing because they are MEN
People need to stop doing these little weird things..
calling Gaga "Lady Gaga" is the same level of weird as calling your friend by their full name when you only call them by their nickname
Weird new Japanese website lets you flick a cute girls forehead to your hearts content. click this now to...
getting weird vibes bout this week l dont know why!!!!!!!!
What have we become? It's like some weird existential horror novel, where we're the real monsters
It's not jus me right? Amber's face is weird looking inni? #LHHHollywood
that sounds like a weird pick up line Johnny Bravo would use on girls xD
DIY Home Energy: This free video reveals "weird" trick to slash your power bill by up
honestly I've gone through all my meme and none come even lol PEOPLE ARE SO SENSELESS AND WEIRD ARGH
You kids have to stop obsessing over ppl you'll never meet. For real. Shit is weird. You die for someone who doesn't even
2 Consecutive weird dream -_- fck
I don\'t understand nobody finds it weird. It\'s like people are happy to be able to tick "what they are". FUCK THAT SHIT WE ARE HUMAN
I came home to a whole new living room last time it's weird. Nothing worse than when I came home and my room wasn't my room
Everybody somehow knows everybody. It's weird.
ha! How weird!
you are so weird and unique !:)
I bet SM never predict that Taeyeon did so weird
To have a life changing convo, in just 20mins. Life is weird!
Feels weird travelling to Norwich and not going to see at Potters! awaits!
that's so weird lol
Not heard a single Kylie Minogue song since I've been here. Weird?
Always fascinating when you get a student who possesses some part of your younger self. I'd give them a hug but that might look weird.
N gosto de pijamas, is that weird?
touka what happened when I try to DM you twitter does something weird. It's as if im blocked but I'm not.
To English teachers around the world - "Weird Al" Yankovic - Word Crimes -
i was gonna say snitch degrees of kevin brockle but it was a bit weird
Feels weird n funny. as if its not even from me, since ive forgotten i ever wrote that -_-
You know your life is weird when you're drunk in Vegas on a Monday and have diarrhea from eating too much eel.
Weird new Japanese website lets you flick a cute girls forehead to your hearts content | RocketNews24
i have the heater on. is that weird?
i still find it weird that things aren't awkward between espo and lanie
i don't think i'll buy this again but... for something that sounds weird it's alright. /chuckles. wanna try?
Why does so much ass kissing go on in ""fandom"" twitter lmao how are u gonna be a fan of a fan the Internet is so weird
marinas setlist is fuckin weird...
see call me weird but I prefer my art to have actual substance - like anything Da Vinci.
how are they both pregnant thats a bit weird
My dreams are soooo weird
I wear my hair in a braid sometimes! I think it looks a little weird though...()
What, you mean being able to report someone just cuz they tweeted at you weird DOESN'T make you feel safer on Twitter? @juanvalenciagd
rmb that one time i said there was a ghost because u smelled something weird and u got scared HUH
Have you heard of these weird cocktail names? Check them out!
dreams are weird or I am weird or dreams are me? #confusing
This MILF Is The Hottest 45-Year-Old On Earth!
That picture was just straight up weird, I don't even want an answer.
that is weird
it feels so weird being the one who is pushed away
"we almost dated" is such a weird relationship to have with someone
The comments on any Star Citizen article in the gaming press are weird. Why are people so incensed that other people are spending money?
I CAN BE: weird silly serious quiet outgoing wild sweet funny kind dramatic sarcastic romantic but really, I
this is my weird imagination, sorry If I bothered youand I really hope this is just my imagination #EMABiggestFans1D
I had such a weird dream wtf
Another weird dream
Weird because they changed the time to reset time i read on Reddit. To bad it didnt happen.
you spelt Battlefront a weird way.
it's so weird. Weird conservative (overtly or not) folks who think that's the primary goal of being a woman. Urgh.
#PushAwardsLizQuens Life has a weird way of making everything work out in the end.
tryin to pull an all nighter im currently over the "omg Im gonna fall asleep" now entering "everything feels weird"
Awwwww thank you so much I thought I was just stood there looking weird
LITTLE MIX WILL BE BRINGING THE GET WEIRD TOUR TO AUSTRALIA IN MAY 2016 IM SCREAMING
it's been a weird ass season lol
Chelsea has a weird sense of "justice." She didn\'t care much about it when Adam was in her bed. #YR #Chadam
Having a weird name is fine til you get to Starbucks
oh god thats awful (i used to hear about bomb threats at my midle school All the time tho it was so weird)
I dont know why but this is a weird and the worst thing that i found . Why just we follow the original trend right. Its been better than .
I like hip hop over R B which is weird because I sing
This emoji looks so weird tho
Life is too short to be normal. Stay weird.
this is _super_ weird
Next week I'm doing Weird Sex in Berlin with @Readuxreads. Here's an invitation:
My personality is weird. When I'm just being nice people think I'm flirting with them
I had a weird dream last night
So weird to think this time next year my whole life would of changed
Thanks to for signing my iPod after the Spokane show and not making me feel weird about it! Amazing voic
stay weird.
this video is just weird and wrong
Weird irony (though I suspect that organisation in the video still was a bit different politically)...hope you're well!
i been having these weird ass dreams and i'm lowkey scared to go to sleep
Does anyone else find that 5 so satisfying to look at or am I weird
And now from our #weird #alcohol news dept: US company invents the #Champagne bong you know for Ivy League parties
when ours were born I semi seriously thought of starting a twitter acct dedicated to weird baby BMs
Be crazy. Be stupid. Be silly. Be weird. Be whatever. Because life is too short to be anything but happy.
It's so weird doing school stuff after two years.
" Be crazy. Be stupid. Be silly. Be weird. Be whatever. Because life is too short to be anything but happy."
oh trust me I've run experiments, and it does come out a little... weird...
People here are just too weird
Yup making things weird is your fort\x82
I AM WEIRD!
KEEP AUSTIN WEIRD: Students Plan Sex Toy Protest Of Their Liberty - -
" Excuse me .. I got 10/10 in a spelling test once... for some weird reason autocorrect is f***ing me over"there ya go bby
Happy New Year from
thats my friend chad xDDDD1!!! hes weird he still likes 80s hair bands :^)))
syfy has some weird stuff going on
The Most Torturous Methods of Execution
So both my ex and most recent cut their locs off. Coincidence? Yes, but it is weird bruh lol
+ other times it can be anything you want to put outside. I watched way too much HGTV saw some weird HOA stuff.
It would feel weird to get better in used to being like this now I don't like it but I'm used to it
date someone you can be fucking weird as hell with who at the end of the day still wants to get naked with you.
it's weird how you've known your parents for your whole life but they've only known you for a portion of theirs
I feel so awkward going the the hair dressers cause it is and Asian place and they all look at me weird cause I look white...
when u turn 18 in ireland u fight ur dad. if he wins, u leave the country, if u win, he leaves and u marry ur mom. no sex tho thatd be weird
I don't even care that his eyebrow is weird #mcm #CharliePuth
If you had a box full of bugs you took everywhere with you, congrats: you'd be weird.
It's weird being three thousand miles from home yet still find people on tinder 4 miles from me with 8 mutual friends #whoru
When the weird kid won't stop talking to you and you're trying to be nice
I don't understand why people get so shocked give me weird looks when I say bananas are my favorite food? like uh it's dank af healthy
This is a weird feeling.
bananas just tastes artificially fake and sweet and it's a weird combi but someppl might like that taste
Omg this pole thing is so weird LOL #xfactorau
Listenin to Oasis's songs on my earphone on d way back frm lecture puts me in a giddy good mood.I skip all d way back home.Ok no,dats weird.
So weird to see perrie without her engagement ring lol! #xfactorau #LittleMixOnXF
Sounds kinda weird to say, but there have been a few stellar walker-actors in this ep. #TheWalkingDead premiere
#RaspberryCoke. Sounds weird, tastes amazing. Have you tried these exotic Coke flavors?
I love taehyung i havent said that today and i felt weird so i love taehyung :p
If I'm weird with you, I'm comfortable with you.
I'd like to bring my laptop at uni but then it's too heavy
You're a weird one
Sometimes its nice to be around someone you can relate to, like for me that Football fanatic weird fella. yep
When will you be taking votes on the best Weird Al songs?
Nu nu~ It's a weird joke sort of a thing.. I think(?)
i miss my cute babe :( he has to hand in some shit for school so we havent talked in like a day its so weird cause we talk everyday :((((
weird. It's a public poat
Fatigue #Diet #VVS15 Fench-canadian researchers discover a weird trick to boost your fat loss by 450%
This performance is weird for some reason. Is it just me or am I watching TV burlesque? #xfactorau
I find it really weird to call people by nicknames and I don't know why hlp
I'm usually never mad/sad so it's a weird feeling when I am
People become extremely honest, awkward, weird and or personal during the late night/early morning.
ggs, playing against venom realized i need to hit the training mode against him. weird hitbox + fastest get up timing
I know its weird but his scent always turns me on
weird dream about my maws new job and how it turned out that her boss was a gangster n was forcing her to punt mandy on the side actual wit
Mughal princesses a weird cat: Artistic visions of the Delhi zenana #MughalMonday
yeah but that only happened once so hopefully it won't lol damn that's weird , same here
Niall... This just made me feel so weird
...funny and weird at the same time, that's comedy!
remember when louis gave free hugs, did some weird stuff and looked like that in this is us
Weird News: Weird News: A New York City health department employee will face his second suspension for ignorin...
\'Desert Stories,\' by Tom Fletcher. Deeply unsettling weird / horror short story in "Congregation of Innocents: Five Cur
Srsly that beverage tastes so weird pfft
Mr XI is trying to please the world, by BANNING Ivory. By doing this, you will make him ashamed - its weird.
Are Ab Ye Beard Weird Lag Rahi Hai xD
It's so weird to think zayn left 7 months ago And I still love him so much, nothing can change that #ZaynTaughtUs
Look at all these weird puppies!
Idk how everywhere says that I'm romantically compatible with cancer's and scorpio's lol they've always rubbed weird on me.
That was weird, we are now tweeting in tandem @janewarnes
is not be.ng weird. I'm being me. There's akdifference. A small one, but still a difference
I gotta have a pillow under my head an between my legs to be comfortable it's weird af
looking back to the X factor is weird seeing how much you've all grown?
Omgehhh they are like having this weird relationship..
I'm so tired but I have a weird feeling in the back of my neck and head so it makes it impossible to sleep.
your people are weird
Just finished watching one weird ass fucking movie
honestly damn weird?!
We all have a friend that only gets called by their nickname, and it sounds weird to even say their real name.
And I don't care if the other person hears me out or thinks I'm weird. Like doesn't bother me whatsoever!!
Want to win a copy of the 52 Lists Project Journal from @mooreaseal? Check out @weirdgirlblog's #giveaway!
Weird how I've had a natal chart done and the 1 main thing that came up was about me relocating, and I discussed relocating 2 days ago!
Use to take being called "ur special/weird" as an insult until I learnt I was the black swan surrounded by white geese.
My piercing is sore and it feels weird. I keep forgetting it's there and hitting it ugh.
The weird feelings when you've nothing to do, nothing to rush for after a hectic month.
My dreams are getting waaay too weird
So this is 17 weird...:P Thank you everyone for your kind Birthday messages. Love you all and keep
Lol how weird
Its weird but inviting
The weird thing is, this week I decided to read them indirectly found a hugely relevant chapter in ed colln #survivephd15
i like those people you can joke around with and have so much fun with and then have a deep conversation with and its not
thats so weird i was thinking today why they dont have a reality show while peeing
Switching to a new wallet is weird. Will I forget to take it along, and take the old one instead!? *creeping existential dread*
more than agree feels like "a religion meets a cult at a fake denim outlet, same weird outfits at Oxford
Japanese advertisement is always weird but I like it
Ive been listening to so many Aussie, US and UK radio that it feels weird to listen to my local radio station for updates
Inspirant We should all be weird as f**k
geesh, some people are just weird
Isn't it vaguely weird that Ashton and Harry look alike #EMABiggestFans1D
#LittleMixInOz #BlueRoom Are you comming to Europe in the 'Get Weird Tour'? Spanish mixers love you so x
A new book from documents weird and wonderful housing design in Japan
Hope its not some weird costume ; )
I want a donut Rn which is weird Bc I don't like donuts
In Germany previous attractive online fees have been raised over the branch transaction fees? What a weird business strategy?
Lets look forward to more weird/fail cheesy lines ya.
I had some chicken slice thing earlier, this probably a weird ass tweet, but it was magical
I be having some weird ass dreams
A little weird but nice
If you're not who they want u to be then ur either weird or shunned from society. That's how they deal w ppl who are different
Weird. Bankstown cops going full Tablighi, asking yoof if they have been "approached by anyone in relation to Islam
it was so good. Weird to say, but it was like.. Juicier than usual? Idk that sounds gross but it was soOoOOoOo good
Anxiety is so weird how you can feel on top of the world one minute then it just hits you like a bus
you're weird
I can't go to sleep without at least a small midnight snack. Is that weird?
i'm home !!!! the sun is still up !!!!! this is so weird !!!
It's been I didn't straighten or curly my hair.. It looks a little bit weird for me anyway thanks
he is the weird one! With his weird foods, diets, dances.. LOL.. its a circus here sometimes.
It's really weird that people think u aren't doing anything if u don't tweet about it
"Weird Al" Yankovic "Tacky" Video (Pharrell Parody) #wierdal #tacky
but if you press the "random article" link you get a well-organized, clearly explicated catalogue of weird sun mem
I'm in some weird emotional mood today. I dont like it
Feels weird having a bald face
When You See How These Insane Shoes Work, Youll Never Want To Wear Anything Else Again.
I had a weird dream yesterday, i will tweet it tomorrow. Bye.
Its Tuesday. Its a weird kind of Tuesday. It actually feels like a dirty Tuesday.
it feels so weird being on twitter again tho... like i kinda feel like i dont belong anymore hahah
okay i though something was weird ahah i was right
Ok now I'm having weird dreams
Something weird going on with the signal around Canterbury today...
I'm so excinting for Get weird!! I'm going to freaking out!!
yeah it sucks only Friday's idk my school is weird.
Weird lol
Really weird feeling having an imprint done of my teeth today. Tasted awful.
the weird comments on Vangelus videos.
The more weird you are, the more fun you are
apparently you say weird things like "ich gehe auf die Post" not "zur Post".
I constantly have weird dreams
yeah... i know it may sounds weird but i dont like skip classes orz
Hey ugaiz.. How do you 'jaga badan' in Malaysia where food is everywhere?!
seeing you with bangs is really weird
me, if i talk: everybody hates me and thinks i'm weird me, if i don't talk: i'm being so distant and everybody hates me and t
i can still feel it it feels so weird my whole right side of my body is tinglimg idk what to Think
i was one weird ass kid
Lmaooo yo wasn't that movie so weird Edward scissor hands
5 nights in a row I've had a weird dream, wtf is going on
they make me wanna have those big kitchens and make my own weird food combinations
can little mix come and announce a get weird tour in France already
It's very weird how people think that my brother and I are twins.
It's weird that someone can intimidate me.
Hmm. Idk idk and I've seen him twice where I work which is Walmart so it's super common and not weird but omg
because when I cum, I'm fucking weird animals like dolphins okay
When your 2yo is as weird as you are you've got to feel a little bit proud! #parenting
I'm so so so excited #xfactorau IM READY TO GET WEIRD IN MAY
I took a photo just like this once. But it was of a weird pigeon. And it was raining. And someone got in the way.
It's so weird not focusing my undivided attention on Louis for the past few days.. Can't wait until I get back into routine
MEETING YOU GIRLS ON THURSDAY PLUS I'M GOING TO COME AND SEE YOU FOR THE GET WEIRD TOUR! I CAN'T EVEN!
I love challenges cause we can be 100% our weird selves
Ya'll so fake weird . Omm.
How weird is this Ciss\x82 story!?
wow that's weird...
it's weird that u call performance tasks(?) peta bc we call them pt's before
It's weird I know but it's real
I'm not going to favourite that, lest you think me weird.
I'm such a weird person I swear
You see some weird shit after 2 am on here lol
I'm so to day this but you are weird mate
TVD is too weird without Elena
#LittleMixInOz #BlueRoom Are you comming to Europe in the 'Get Weird Tour'? Spanish mixers love you so xxxxxxx
The Whole Bible Explained In One Facebook Post! #weird
dude you need to stop tweeting in Estonian, it's weird.
#LittleMixInOz #BlueRoom Are you comming to Europe in the 'Get Weird Tour'? Spanish mixers love you so xxxxxx
I don't know what they put in that grandpa but its making me feel all kinds of weird....
Just got my free sticker, gonna be weird explaining this to my mom when it comes in the mail #fuckit
why you so weird julie
There's something weird going on in here
I used to fall asleep to music every night and now it's weird if i do idk
Shoutout to autistic people who stim and are looked at as weird and/or told not to. Be a part of this!!!!
9 Weird Things Your Pen!s Does,
Shes weird
Quite weird. Quite creepy.
Ripley's Believe It Or Not! Download the Weird (ANNUAL), Ripley?s Believe It or
People are so weird I love it
why do you make weird cum noises? #soundslikeadolphin
I've been told i'm weird or that I like weird things so many times that I don't understand the meaning of the word anymore. Be yourself lol
Not a single number 9 in there. Feels weird.
Lol weird... Tuesday is closer to Friday more than Monday
8am lectures? France is a weird country
I'm lowkey so weird lmao
This is weird
oh no poor carol :/ it'll be so weird for them!
Whaaat? As usual, bing trans gave me weird stuff. Don't get it..?
-all o shits baby moms weird af
isnt it weird that when people call "will" you dont know if they are calling u or will blake
weird shit
i will go now hon,..i won't take long,..it's a bit weird to be alone at the swimming pool at night..hehehe i'll stay for an hour
Amazing. Love them #RWC2015
Dreams are weird af
Weird is just a side effect of being awesome.
there is little i hate more than white ppl who love poc music but find all poc too weird or unattractive to date
The people on My Strange Addiction are fucking weird!
After working at for so long it's really weird for me to go to a drive thru and not have an intense conversation
#LittleMixInOz #BlueRoom Are you comming to Europe in the 'Get Weird Tour'? Spanish mixers love you so xxxxx
Woman with rare skin condition says men find it irresistible - but women tell her to cover up
Caramelised apple and bourbon. Weird craving I have had..
McDonald's launches world's cheesiest burger - but where can you buy it?
yeah we had weird/bad luck with pets
Are these the most helpful dogs? Owners of disobedient puppies take note
looking through the camera rushes for weird bits is the best part of my day
"It\'s weird to feel like you miss someone you\'re not even sure you know." #OTWOLReunited jadine // otwol #PushAwa
#waitrose have told that toasted teacakes are unpopular in winter and aren't being stocked. Weird, or what?
I started working aged 12 man never found it weird though lol
really? I think hyukjae manages himself better than donghae he doesn't say a lot random weird stuff lol
News Footage of Illegal Immigrants with a Laughter Soundtrack is Kinda Weird
Aggressive emu 'arrested' by police after crime wave escalates
I liked a video 5 Animals That Are Secretly Geniuses! 5 Weird Animal Facts - Ep. 36 : AnimalBytesTV
Yeah I meant you and your weird view of the government !!
I have a celeb endorsement and am super weird about putting it on my covers - still torn
it's so weird thinking back to when you first met someone that moment you had no idea they would have such a big impact on you
Weird how you always end up on my mind
NEW VID!! **TASTING WEIRD LUNCHABLES** ? :)
nigga don't that shit be weird!
Yeah, I played Baffy 2 loads on Xbox Live you weird children
You can read the first newsletter right now, right in Chrome, Safari or whatever weird browser
Me? weird? b****please i'm limited edition!
It feels weird knowing that I don't have a job to go
"They are weird creatures, not like most of the animals among this planet... And your name is?
Is it weird that I love watching my baby sleep? She looks so beautiful
It's weird looking at who I started 2015 with and who I'm ending 2015 with!
Royal raven facing an ASBO after it targets tourists
french people are so weird lol wtf is a peigne
Is it weird to say that I'm inlove with someone who I never even met yet? Or someone who doesn't even know I existed?
Dinner's up for orca as porpoise becomes prey in front of spellbound snapper
Waking up in a house that isn't mine is weird and I never thought I'd say that
a friend of mine gives his voice to Bruce in the Italian dubbing of Gotham, and every time it feels like I'm talking to Batman. #weird
weird how much I'm enjoying work at the moment, I always just have to think positive because I get bored so easy
you coffee lovers are so weird...it tastes so bad
7 Weird And Wonderful Facts About The Privy Council via Prehistoric bullshit from yesteryear.
has a job. I have to ask him how work was, and that's just weird.
Weird Mistakes We Make With Our Teeth #BeautyTips
The Weird Al Yankovic Social Media Case Study by @teedubya
In your life you'll face a lot of weird people
Your Weird Key To Unlocking The Door To Getting Everything You Want! @hanknorman
But isn't it a lil bit weird why big bang isn't in mama2015 while they have more than a new song this year
Bots are fun to talk when you're weird.
Watch me delete all my weird ass tweets once I'm capable of linear thought again lol
For 1 afternoon only: 's intro to the weird wonderful world of the TV vicar #ThemAndUs2015
As long as you have one good friend, one real friend, you can get through anything.
no solo that's weird
That's so weird! I don't actually have signal right now at the uni, but when I do get your text I'll email you!
weird is my favorite quality
OMG OMG OMG I'M MEETING YOU GIRLS ON THURSDAY THEN MUM SAID I CAN GO SEE THE GET WEIRD TOUR I CAN'T EVEN #BESTDAYOFMYLIFE
She remembered her father was a weird phenomenon
I'll bring the tequila. And peanut butter. (just made it weird)
It's always annoying when a cat strays in your house - especially one like this
you know what's really fucking weird is she made chicken and macaroni today.... On a Monday..
HAHA, weird.
I'm so weird.
The Visit is fucking weird. Just what the fuck, honestly.
#yahooanswers Question: MacBook Air making a weird noise? #Computers #Internet
You need to preorder get weird from JB hi if at knox and present the receipt for entry!
When you're having a conversation on Twitter and someone doesn't join in but keeps favouriting all the tweets? That's wei
nah man the thing is being weird like it won't let me on
It's weird how I used to press my face up against a screen of 576 lines and get excited thinking that I could see three of them more clearly
The weird and wonderful world of dating in Europe has finally been explained: via @mysinglefriend
Haha. That is seriously weird. erm.. remeasurement of gfa, brickwork, finishes, windows doors.. i think.
The Living Weird x Devvon Terrell
Im weird ans a scrub who subscribed to chu. Can I talk in chat or will you hate me ;-; just askin
Two guys getting a little weird at #KTO #kaunertal
10 Weird Things That Turn Men On
Facebook is Just Getting Weird. #techweev
And suddenly, i felt weird wearing my eyeglasses
The more weird you are, the more fun you are. #DamingHugot
My thum bs have. Gone weird absolute madness
That was fucking weird
Why do all body builders have like weird acne looking necks?
this is kinda weird bc the past few days, ive been watching social experiments on youtube id even know y
I keep having these awful dreams about my car to the extent im waking myself up crying.. I am so weird.
I don't have Linkdin or even know what that is. Michael has a job tho, it's so weird liking someone who
Took Digby to the vet this morning for his check-up: got a clean bill of health, though he does seem to have an odd food bowl phobia. Weird!
Feels so weird being in someone else's house chilling when they're not even in
Can't put a word on Amsterdam on how weird but sick it is
A Boy Walked By A Lake And Saw Something Weird. Nobody Sa...
HORSES ARE SO WEIRD THEY ARE LITERALLY THE WEIRDEST ANIMALS EVER OH MY GOD THEY RUN AROUND ON THEIR FINGERNAILS
its not that weird
I can't really help myself. I love Ben Barnes.
Still can't get over the fact that you guys go to school on Sundays. It's so weird for me.
When you're having a conversation on Twitter and someone doesn't join in but keeps favouriting all the tweets? That's weird isn't it.
Would it be weird if I fell asleep in the uber
Hawaii school system is weird, fall break and Hawaii holidays all the time.They never go to school here.Must be nice.
Proud to be the "weird" one. Being normal is just so overrated
I feel sooooooo weird.
Hair, Grown, The End,... all sound different. Do you think we'll see a new side of yous in Get Weird? #LittleMixInOZ
that sure was a weird mix of temperatues, but thanks QvQ
Yeh I've read he met her in Germany when she was a teenager, her parents were sound with it too, weird
Weird when Americans complain about results from a free market as they preach it: #RayBan #luxottica
It's weird how other people's mind's work when it comes 2 credit. If I see something 1st from some 1 I credit them. It's only fare.
i like those people you can joke around with and have so much fun with and then have a deep conversation with and it's not
i like you and it's weird but then it's not but then it is. but this is crazy. do i even know you? do i even know myse
OK THIS IS WEIRD BC I RANDOMLY JUST WOKE UP BUT I HAS A DREAM DEMI LITERALLY SHOWED HER TITS DURING A RADIO SHOW BC O WASNWATCHING THE
on one side jealousy, the other a weird desire and sometime they both work together. but not really.
Almost naked animal is really really weird
After 4:00 am it's weird
ahs freakshow jhi weird asf.
why would they think it's weird
do you ever get a weird crush on someone that most ppl don't find attractive but you're just attracted to them and you don't know why
I just watched episode one of season 7 of tvd and it's so weird without elena ????
The hoatzin is a weird bird. It's the only member of its family, and it looks, sounds, and smells like nothing else.
by I couldn't get bonetrousle to line up with Gangnam Style instrumentals. bonetrousle does this weird key change in the middle
See, this is why I don't post earnest stuff on twitter. Whenever I do it just sounds weird. (re: previous tweet)
It would be cool to see Caspar and joe but majority of their fans are twelvies and the party stuff in vip is kinda weird
I thought it was a little weird..
There's sth in his ear and boredom makes me creative..sorry I just had to do this!! :D #benbarnes #edit
Weird bitches
it was too weird, bus ye yad hai. :s
It's so weird to think how this time last year we were so close and now we never speak
It's just weird though cause I was 13 and my dad just decided one day to tell me I had a brother. Like wow cool thnx 4 tellin me
thats weird, it doesnt show here but i had a notification on my email about u posting another reply to this
There's something weird going on here
How can i overcome my coffee-addiction? I need coffee to stay awake and sane during the day. I need coffee to fall asleep at night. Weird@.@
Your gonna think I'm weird but I like the feeling of sore muscles the day after I kill it in the gym. #weightlifting #fitfam
I just added a feature to a Xcode plugin to fix a weird rendering issue that was bugging the shit out of me.
i've never been able to imagine myself living anywhere past the age of twenty seven, is that weird?
I called a guy in NOLA today but he said it was too weird for him.
Having weird dreams for 6 hour is my every night thing
I wanted to talk about it but I can't without them thinking I'm weird.
Finally fell asleep but had a weird ass dream so now I'm up again
gue akan ke #HPYTFFID bareng look at our weird face (17)
drag doesnt even seem slightly weird to me now after binge watching this stupid show
me: why am I still single brain: you're weird as hell body: and you're fat face: plus you're ugly food: but I'm here for you
It is pretty weird cause I haven't seen this person in like yeeeears , 5 years to be exact lol
Tvd so weird without Elena
very weird song titles
my eyeliner looks weird af
Why do I feel more disconected than ever before, altough I got more means to contact my friends? Social Media is weird #Lonely #Isolation
im watching some weird show hbu guys?
Is it weird when you weren't wearing a bra for the whole week and iust knew that its #NoBraDay ? well, im not wearing one now so here's that
that's not that weird I was born without one too..m
That whole friendship is just weird to me now. Like idk but it's not my place to say anything and if it makes you happ
my friend is even warning me that something might happen anytime but idk its weird
I fell asleep lmao that was weird
I'll give it to him even though I'm a Clemson fan, Steve Spurrier had a good run and its gonna be weird not seeing him with the gamecocks.
#LittleMixInOz #BlueRoom Are you comming to Europe in the 'Get Weird Tour'? Spanish mixers love you so xxxx
we are all a little weird now #TOMIHOLoveConquersAll
Double tap if you think this is weird What even is this? Hit the on my prof... (Vine by Best Vines Ever)
I'm entering so many giveaways but I have zero chance to win because hey! it's me
When i was: 7 I was dating: No one My favorite song was: Journey and A whole new world. (yes! I'm weird) I am...
.. Weird?!
Haha isn't it weird how I thought I knew you? And I just had to meet you a few weeks before you totally changed..
Todays smoothie = Raspberries + Strawbs + Mango + Almond milk (pardon the weird looking straw)
5 threads per warp? That's a weird architecture.
Weird dream. Taylor Swift invited Squarepusher to support. They both walked to the gig in Puritan costumes. Eh?
I really can't picture anyone having a crush on me. It's just really weird that someone actually takes time to think of me.
I have a weird pain in my boob and now I'm too sketched to go to sleep
I'm feeling weird today
just remembered how weird my dream was lol
Lee Tame It -07/18/93 -he is a shiny -"Tame It" is kinda a weird name but it makes sense -solo track: can\'t be taimed
Hottest Girls in Short Shorts
7 weird and wonderful facts about the Privy Council...
Weird people are attractive.
Ain't my bias but you're still equally important cant wait for u guys to be out do weird drink challenges again
twitter is the one place where u go to say all of the random thoughts in ur head and see if everybody else is as weird as u.
tbh I\'d rather do something that\'s considered "weird" that makes me happy instead of being boring and sad like the rest o
lol but a man's smile shouldn't be labelled as beautiful,its weird
HaHa! would love to do this sitting across from each other, making weird gazes and vehemently yawning. ;p
Comiket brings up a lot of weird stuff to the nightcore realm. I collect albums with bizarre titles.
TODAY IS FUCKING WEIRD.
Zoo Has Decided to Dissect Lion in Public | The Project 100.7 / 106.3
I liked a video from Call of Duty: 10 Weird Facts
Yaknow anime is fucking weird
the guy who lived here obviously smokes so there's weird smell in a room but it'll be easy to get rid of it
he does this every time constantly hoping one title advertising itself as femdom will turn out to be lying amazon is weird
u go to Helios and everyone is ugly and weird so now im starting to think this isn't a joke
Acting weird for no good reason, but whatever!
16 Things That Seem Normal At University But Are Actually Really Weird via
When the two weird kids turn on each other
Ewww people think Liu Kang is hot? The dude is straight up weird. He has an entire closet worshipping Bruce Lee and tries so hard to be him.
kinda weird that u can think about someone as much as u want and they have no idea
Honestly this will be the first year I'll ever really acknowledge / 'celebrate'. Halloween .... Feels weird
I love girls and I love the female energy and I love being around it. Y'all niggas weird
Bestfriend is someone who knows your freak side, weird shits, crazy things and still stick for you no matter what people said.
tbh I had several weird dreams last night, so it could be in response to anything
i should be sleeping or weebing and i got to a weird part of youtube
All those times I looked at you and you did some weird, dazed and confused look and sound as you "smiled and dialed"! :P
Keep having weird dreams about being back in school but the old one in creggan and going on school trips to Santa ponsa
does anyone else think dion dublin co presenting 'homes under the hammer' is really weird?
"Hope you enjoyed the thexfactor_au performance Aussies! Remember \'Get Weird\' is out November 6th :) LM HQ x"
weird truth
Man Finds A Weird String In His Attic Wall. When He Pulls It? This Is Incredible! #weird
Be weird. Be random. Be yourself. An all-new collection that lets you be YOU. #zumbawear
Check this-Over 150 Pictures of the Cool, Weird, and Crazy Things on Display at NYCC 2015 -
Its weird how we dream, Last thoughts and idea with a sprinkle of emotions creat mysteries dreams.
Thanks weird dream.
it's such a weird thing to get upset about....of all the posts to bust a gut over....
This sounds weird, but I always need someone who reminds me I'm good enough
hi i knw this is weird cause this is not anime related haha. What did you measure for jalan kuching before ?
Jane Shilling reviews a new book which takes an affectionately acerbic look at the world of high fashion
LOL, #ukip idiots believe the Express' crap stories
They have weird warning signs in Japan. I found one says Danger no selfie sticks
Date somebody you can be weird as hell with, and who still wants to get naked with you at the end of the day.
you just said "weird" in your sleep followed by "goodnight". Em k.
It feels so weird to hear the sound of milk being heated when you're not the one heating it...
WEIRD Breakfasts From Around The World!
Try the Submachine Series. It's a weird point and click series that's free. I suggest you play 1 and 2 in the same video!
i keep wondering why u changed that much . so weird u knw
It's weird how one person's lack of commitment can fcuk up your mood.
i know it's been sending me weird texts
England fans hate England... work that out., what a weird nation we are.
That weird shit for the birds ..
omg dude weird noises what the fuck was that day where if i dont fucking care.
"He isn\'t cute he looks like a really tall elf with weird hair" okay thanks for the support friend
and pls don't mock Ind translation bc u think it feels weird bc in reality it's not! It's the correct translation!
We'll arrest trying to enter the US, but not violent illegal aliens...weird.
#LittleMixInOz #BlueRoom Are you comming to Europe in the 'Get Weird Tour'? Spanish mixers love you so xxx
Weird stuff
some weird shit changed in banjo tooie but it's still good so far
like yeah.. me too its not weird to see kiko is not interested in marriage, I mean I doubt that she's also a bi like jiyong
9 Weird Beauty Products
It's like a rule that I make some sort of weird reference in at least one of my videos during a project.
i think bcz of his weird tattoos n hideous beard jewels
It's weird I was mad this morning coz someone at work got me pissed..And I called someone that gets me mad most of the times to clam me down
some guy just stopped me and walked half the way to work with me and being weird and then he wanted to know how he could see me again?!
Being weird is FUN Being serious is BORING.
I have a flirty personality. If I laugh at everything u say it's bc I'm weird and don't know what to do. Don't get excited, I ain't about it
I still wonder why ppl still bother to ask me why is my ultimate fav... It's weird really like don't u have eyes too?
Grabbed out a pink bottle of water and started drinking it and it tasted really weird. And I asked Halsey if she liked that kind of water
But hey ,all of us are weird
The world's weirdest skyscrapers in pictures. #Weird #Skyscrapers #Pictures
My dream was so weird wtf
us: niall its chance not chonce niall: Excuse me .. I got 10/10 in a spelling test once... for some weird reason autocorre
It was acting weird if you just do a search on Ultra then select it from the results it comes up fine with sizes
if you be weird w strange ppl; u will find happiness #TwitterlessRider
Really Im probably thinking something totally unromantic and slightly weird love
Richard Ramirez was hella weird
twitter being weird.
~ WEIRD INTERESTING FACTS ~ A pig's orgasm lasts 30 minutes. (O.M.G.!!!) A cockroach will live nine days...
People are weird! Follow, unfollow blah blah.. We're not 12
'Have you found my dad's dentures?' And more weird, funny and frequently asked questions.
I'm being really weird.
Indians supporting #Pak achievers r surely a weird lot n not in tune w/ our current concern 2 revive #IndianHeritage
I'm only going to one concert what's the point in going to any more that's weird x
Feeling messy,confused,lonely,weird. Yeah its all mixed.
You really find weird shit on YouTube at 2 am in the morning....everything is suddenly about illuminati
I'm constantly simmering with rage hate to inconsiderate - plain weird/smelly - commuters. Not good for me.
That "she\'s mine till you get a trim" makes me feel weird as fuck
Overheard: me, if i talk: i'm being so annoying and everybody hates me and thinks i'm weird me, if i don't...
#LittleMixInOz #BlueRoom Are you comming to Europe in the 'Get Weird Tour'? Spanish mixers love you so xx
not really. I guess if it's really weird like rosebudding but that's just nasty
Mhm, it's a good song, I just think the actual opening, with the floating around and that is just....weird.
But you spelt weird as wierd
who is the weird one in the middle?
Hillary wont make it, folks. She s too weird and left. The US is doomed as Republicans have no brain.
Get To Know These Weird People Who Had Plastic Surgeries But Failed
Top 6 weird things that people have married #Glowville love
If you love me let me gooooooo! #NowPlaying "This Is Gospel" by Panic! At The Disco from Too Weird To Live, Too Rar
quit being weird
"girls are weird like why do we look at things that we know will piss us off but continue to look at them and get more pissed off"
People now are so weird.
10 Weird Things Men Find Attractive in a Woman
My brother is in london all week, and its him birthday in 2 days. Its his firtst birthday he isn't home, call me weird but I miss him
Weird #finalfantasy party we make. One of us is Cid. #comedy #podcast
Man wakes up to find bear biting his head
that's a bit weird
I've been getting more and more of these weird article placement requests. They're obv smoking crack.
R.I.P 2 my youth | sorry it's not a weird ship but I was super b... (Vine by hectic hogwarts|#weirdhpshipweek)
8 Reasons We Think is Awesome #WorldVegetarianDay
There seems to be a weird problem, stuck in warmup for AGES. Also, Scorpion King ( broke his gamepad!
Crazy , jealous , bipolar , weird , thuggish , goofy girlfriend yeah that me .
Yes my music is weird. No I won't apologize.
I got sat next to the weird green hair guy
The tricks for no mascara clumps, blush-free blush, airbrushed foundation, and more
Watching a weird ass scary movie.... What is this?? O.o
Life is so weird currently.
Eeek! Man wakes up to find bear biting his head via @WTSP10News
would love to know why charlie picks and chooses his weird fucking moods with me
PLEASE GIRLS COME IN FRANCE, WE\'RE WAITING FOR YOU AND WE\'RE EXCITED FOR "GET WEIRD" @LittleMix
MAY 2016 GET WEIRD TOUR I AM SO FREAKING PUMPED
Whenever I see weird shit on my timeline
No, weird teacher. Math is not more important than P.E
#katyperrypartofme #5sosfam #insects #bay Sex #mastery #secrets: The 4 dangers destroying men today plus 1 weird
If u find urself saying "maybe I shouldn\'t say this, he\'ll think I\'m weird" then ur with the wrong guy. Find someone who ad
i made nico the socks are a bit weird though bc there werent any good ones
Teeth feel really weird
Feels so weird knowing that all of my cousins I grew up with are now getting married or having children of their own
"You crushed my nuts!" Something only said if you are weird fetishist or Parent to a toddler
love is weird . just like eating sambal belacan u know its hot but u still gonna eat it
okey now I'm in a rly weird m00d
Gender swap Twilight is weird to get my head around. Still reading Beau
Is it weird that I hate when people ask me if life is hard with bella? It's not that it's a bad question but it's just so annoying
Being on front page of Dundee Courier and Advertiser means I am getting treated like a stray unicorn on Arbroath Station. Hmm
Weird. .. I restarted my phone #THRICE.... , and every time I tried to record @colbertlateshow.
Woman takes a dump in front of luxury houses
!!! Is it weird that I was obsessed with JOY
I dont know it all feels weird and wrong and why why why I just want to be okay and everyone I care about to be okay and everyone to be okay
i actually do not know this is very weird i am not masochistic (in piercing sense) so just?? and fashion I couldn't care less about???
Weird omg.
I kinda sorta almost always miss you. Not you.. or you.. Hey you, move over.. you're weird. *points at YOU*
Sometimes life just feels weird to me
The weird looks I get for my Deepveer phone background when in public
The author of Everything is Illuminated took a weird career turn...
Isn't it weird how someones snore can become addicting after nights of you sleeping on their chest that when u don't hear it u cant sleep
they know what they're doing tho but the only fact Mitch doesn't seem to have a solo (except maybe in Na Na Na) feels weird
Whenever someone comes to my mind they always end up messaging me. Bare weird
I liked a video from Top 10 Weird Fruits That Could Kill You TopTenzNet
*brother comes home drunk* "That\'s weird, I put my key in the door and it opened."
Shocking Photos that Haunted the World
i miss waking up at 7 am to go laugh with my friends at school and be weird
I had a really weird dream last night ?? I can't even explain what happened
there's lots that's weird about Privy Council NOTHING wonderful
weird fckin currency
That it could be some weird sex fetish of Valbuena that is the object of blackmail is not a stretch of the imagination.
So weird! 4th person in 2 weeks
it's so weird how songs that we don't even know now are going to become such a huge part of our lives in 31 days #31DaysT
Weird Bodysuits Is A New Japanese Trend
im weird
In what universe does a 400MB video take over 4 hours to upload? Youtube is weird sometimes...
Even though it's dapper day my transition kids are probably going to give me weird looks for being dressed up
Did you catch last nights QnA video? Leave your weird questions in the comments! Shipping myself with...? | Gus QnA
why's my school so weird
I want to see you girls so bad! Do a Get Weird world tour please!! We need you too!
It's so weird to think zayn left 7 months ago And I still love him so much, nothing can change that #ZaynTaughtUs h
Everyone's asleep and I can't figure out how to work the tv so I'm watching a weird British cooking show
...hmmm I believe u made up gun story re Popeyes.I don't believe a word. Also u r creepy weird 2 me
the midi voices have gone all weird and i can't ask for help because of my fucking anxiety (:
Feels weird being 18
Your smile. Your eyes. Your voice. Your lips. Your hair. Your laugh. Your hands. Your humor. Your weird faces. Your teasing.
Dan and Phil chat #TABINOF and tell a weird story about an exploding mutant llama
PLEASE BE WEIRD PEOPL
It's so weird how Casper has isolated himself from the rest of hip hop. I think he missed the point of how big this could've been.
stay weird
Isn't it really weird that #NoBraDay and #AdaLovelaceDay falls on the same day
danish nurqistina aka weird girl from 5B
I just blocked this very weird guy who is so obsessed with Russian girls and gaining followers.
yeah it's so weird, they probably don't even believe what they were saying any more :P
#weird laws : in the turkish republic it is forbidden by constitution to arrest a would-be-suicide bomber unless they bl
I watched the first episode of AHS Hotel and it's so weird, like it's even weird for AHS so that's saying something
19 Weird Moments In The Toilet That Will Make You Say Wtf
alright this got weird. I have a girlfriend don't talk to me bye.
I can sort of understand why kpop fans are creepy but it's still weird and gross
These bitches n niggas in Az weird ash!!!!
be your normal weird perky happy self we all know love plz
Twitter look so weird I don't like it
me: /moody all the time/ friend: chill me: /laughs at everything/ friend: you're so weird omg stop me: me: me: WHAT DO U W
Feels so weird watching the Australian xfactor - just not the same. #xfactor
I NEED A WEEK OFF TO RECOVER FROM THAT. GET WEIRD TOUR 2016 WHOS WITH ME #GETWEIRDTOURAUSTRALIA
yeah it's not plugged in to the Internet either. Weird for it to do that.
It crazy. its weird see you on tv and know that sometimes you answer me here @cudlitz
So they are to get paid for six with one man and they come on set and find weird items or multiple men or as the scene goes on
Waking up confused is weird
I CAN'T WAIT TO SEE YOU! GET WEIRD TOUR IS GOING TO BE AMAZING!
Youre_Glowing "First viewings on our little house tonight - eeek! Feels weird to think of strangers inspecting our home! #movinghouse #u
hey so uhh can I join y'all or would that be weird
His Girlfriend Noticed Something Weird In Her Belly Butto...
Royal raven steals phones and cameras from tourists
It's weird if you take a trip (I am in US) to; um, London for example, soon as you enter London, straight away different time zone. Cool ;3
my brother and i were making weird noises across the room at each other and then he seriously whispers "what are we doing with our lives?"
The camera shot a weird times
If you're weird i automatically like you
I think it's weird how some days I feel skinny and other days I feel like a busted can of cinnamon rolls
Feeling weird right now and COnfused and kinda negative but im just goin through something and I know everything is go
I have a flirty personality. If I laugh at everything u say it's bc I'm weird and don't know what to do. Don't get excit
;-; I'm so used to talking to them ALL the time.. This feels weird..
It's always weird when i find peace
i feel weird that the majority of my blog's demographic is dudes aged 18-24 i don't do this for you
Photo: Am I that weird (at L Setiawangsa)
It feels weird to be in love with someone and you don't even know how are they anymore.
Am I that weird @ L Setiawangsa
Love is weird
Black Magic Love Me Like You Hair Grown Can't wait for you to hear the rest! xxjadexx
Weird being on the other side of the surgical room....
Kinda weird, I just don't know...
Were all a little weird, life is a little weird too; and when we find someone whose weirdness is compatible with ours, don't let it go.!!
The ending of American Psycho is so weird
Would it b weird if I dyed my hair brown hm
I'm so weird and it's just 5:36am
16 Things That Seem Normal At University But Are Actually Really Weird via @BuzzFeedUK
= weird XD
Stomach feels weird again TT
The realistic weird censurable right with pansy joint control pack ripe till persist accordingly communal that ...
He thinks his own name is weird.
been on xbox 10 years will be weird as fuck, couldn't put up with this console anymore man freezing in fifa career mode like
how weird is it that friday the 13ths on a tuesday this year
Trust Us You've Never Seen Such A Weird Eyebrows In Your Lifetime What The
very weird subtext. It appears it was Matthews that wanted him to go to Richmond instead and gave the Tigers false signals
Worried I've used my card at a megabus centre (shudehill) and something weird has happened. Def used card.
bts looks like a packet of motherfucking weird ass white sno balls
When You Text A Person ALL DAY EVERYDAY It Feels Weird Going 1 Day Without Talking To Them.
Orca catches porpoise for dinner
I liked a video YouTube is so dang weird.
"Ang weird"
Being on front page of Dundee Courier and Advertiser means I am getting treated like a stray unicorn on Arbroath Station. Hmmm. Weird.
Is it weird that all I can think about right now is cool ranch Doritos?
it's so weird I have so many of my exes clothes at my house still
Its not gross. But it is definitely weird. Have you read the book?
Her Son Came Home From A Party With These Strange Marks. When Doctors Revealed The Cause? Shocking.
I haven't been feeling like myself these past two days. I feel so down and weird. Not sure why
GET WEIRD TOUR IN POLAND GIRLS!!!!!!
This generation is so weird. Almost everybody is playing games, but tired of being played but NOT ready to settle down and
Feels so weird not having a car
that duck video is quite honestly the most random and weird thing ive ever seen
10 Weird Texts From My Mom
It's weird to have hope because a licensed Disney game turned to have dev help from Ubisoft. Ezio for Disney Infinity confirmed.
But my point is that I don't understand why you call Columbus a hero? Could you explain? Cuz that's just weird to me
Feels to weird to be going back to school today, but to teach rather than learn
PARK JIMIN the type of person that can be so weird and hot at the same time #happyjiminday #BTSJMday2015
how weird is that i have to have two pieces of glass sitting in front of my eyeballs so i dont mistake a small child for
Well apparently I made a newsworthy Tweet. About #PizzaRat.
weird bro
Please don't blast some weird ass music across the office
Isn\'t it weird that "ASAP" indicates "immediate" but "as soon as possible" kind of says "as soon you can" ? #randomthought
Kelly Was LikeBitch You Weird
random acts of chance leads you to your destiny. Isn't that weird
Every time Mercury is in retrograde I get this weird feeling astrology is bullshit.
Barely even tweet anymore. Feels weird lol.
cause you wouldn't stop sending me weird shit lol
Got a full on stalker and it's getting really weird
Trying to sleep like a cat.... God I'm a weird person.
Cody Simpson Admits Cozy Relationship With Selena Gomez Got Weird -
From some of the stuff I remember. 1. The girls are forced to do most of weird serial acts with threat of no pay and violence
Weird-955 honors mulligrubs: TPxg
Its weird cuz I'm not even mad, it's more of a disappointed type of feeling.. Idk.
People think it's so weird I drink cranberry juice I could drink pure cranberry juice with no problem it's so good
Its too weird to be normal..
Literally so buzzing that we get to share our Get Weird Tour next year in Aus! @Trcmpledrose
people make life hard for themselves all the time without realizing it i dunno man people are weird
Some of the weird things you'll find in Japan!
It's weird because I feel like I have to care about how his day at work was. He doesn't blab on about
I'm imperfect, I'm awkward, I'm weird, I'm ME.
Me and Ciara ran away from weird girl
Why do people feel it abnormal for one to be completely consent with being in solitude? I find it weird
"What you guys consider \'jokes\' is fucking weird, and gross."
First viewings on our little house tonight - eeek! Feels weird to think of strangers inspecting our home! #movinghouse #upsizing
But once you really get to know me I'm kinda annoying but funny and weird af
IM SAVING UP FOR GET WEIRD TOUR TICKETS
Your weird fact of the day: you cannot name a Windows folder "prn
surely apple juice and yoghurt would curdle together? Idk but yeah sounds weird :p.
Being referred to as 'thegrimlife' irl is super weird omg
big hat looks weird when it's in love..
Its weird if i walk and i feel like everyone is watching me.
I was in a fucked up mood. Been having a weird week and the venue and openers were making me super
It really hurts my feelings when you won't be weird with me. *hides ping pong balls and super glue*
This is weird bc I don't ever talk about religion, but I think I need to get closer to God in this time of my life.
ARE COMING IN AUSTRALIA TO THE GET WEIRD TOUR #proud
Tributes paid to world's oldest horse
even if 16 was legal over there it's still fucking weird for a man his age
I just realized that the color's so weird it shouldnt be like that
I liked a video Freaky/Weird Dreams
IS IT TIME FOR THE GET WEIRD TOUR YET?! I CAN'T WAIT FOR THEM TO COME TO AUSTRALIA!
Dead tired still, had some pretty weird dreams too...
jayzuz though. Is it weird to find a brow attractive?
I know I'm weird to some people but I love the universe, I love life and I love sex because life grows through it and it is magic.
my first kiss was weird af
lmao it's American horror story of course it's gonna be weird and creepy lol
Woke up with the urge to listen to mayday parade straight away. today's gonna be a weird dayy
YES PLEASE. oh god that sounds amazing. I take so many screenshots of the weird shit/people
i feel weird watching tvd right now.. just knowing elena isn't coming back the vibe of the show feels off
now that I really think about it i don't even have close friends, I have friends that I hang in school with but not outside how weird
Some of you spend too much damn time making these weird ass videos on Vine they geek me out
YES ARE EXPANDING THE GET WEIRD TOUR INTO AUSTRALIA NEXT YEAR :)
Weird cravings
Weird band names that don't make any sense #PetPeeve \xb8
Stomachs are weird
Weird. None of these teachers accused in 1 week of molesting U.S. students looks Mexican.
#Gemini love randomlly laughing and moving at times, and can be defined as "weird" most of the time.
Weird guy
Something weird always happens when I get upset about my mum it's like she is telling me that she is still here which I like
Weird Times is out! Stories via @urbandictionary
oh. how do fug weird loli
what about a show in france for the get weird tour????
Ugh it's weird how no one uploaded it yet T__T I wanna watch it
Also, I wouldn't use a feeder. I'm weird. (I may have used feeders in the past)(I don't hunt anymore because I'm lazy)(I'm really sleepy)
These meds make me more anxious and all weird and light headed which is precisely what I'm tryna avoid
is it weird to post a selfie at 11:30 at night hahah. meh.
weird picture
If you missed it we did a cover of da boyzzz .. Check it out here
I like it in my own weird way HAGD All
the moment when you've got nothing to over think about... so weird
i hate when people say sending nudes to ur family members is weird? i fingered my cousin once.. does that make me weird too? lol its normal
I had a dream where I was awake and lying in bed. Super weird.
sounds weird but doing your makeup when your ill makes you feel a lot better
Day Thirtg-One I've put commas in weird puaces you, guys
That thing is so weird, and annoying: "because science", I fucking love science, that kind of thing. Where did it come from?
Week is starting to look like a bloody weird word
Can you please do a Get Weird world tour? Please! @LittleMix
Beyonce's addiction revealed:
I find it weird that 2 people thought I worked at the Student Central today. Like, I don't work here? If I did I'd be less poor?
I'm getting weird
i had red bean for the first time today its such a weird taste like it got that chocolate undertone but its S BEAN
LOL MY DAD IS SO WEIRD IM CRYING
The Facebook like button is weird. It's like having a conversation with a group of people and then only receiving a nod in reply.
But all I want to see on my Tumblr is furries, birds, cars and a long list of my weird fetishes. :P
yoghurt, apple juice and banana. I drank about 1/2 of but it tasted so weird
Weird News - Pictures of the day: 13 October 2015: Today: Inside a polar bear's mouth, a happy seal and a squa...
Weird News - Feral pig caught eating cannabis refuses to give up his stash: A law-breaking pig has been caught...
Twenty weird sex facts you should have known earlier:
Sorry if my greeting you was a bit weird. Groups of people freak me out I was gearing up to talk to new people hence weird.
Love you girls!!! Can't wait for Get Weird, please come to Indiana, USA again!!! @LittleMix
not at uni for the rest of the week lol
YEAH I WAS LIKE woAH weird sensation in ear and then i realized tHAT WAS NOT THE VINE.... i hope ur mosquito buddy left u alone
U too sorry if I was a bit weird . I was into my 20th hour of running around like a crazy bissh . Nice to meet u
selena gomez is the queen of up skirt (12 pics)
5 Weird Things that Make People Horny
Mino sleep talks... Taehyun does weird things in his sleep...
andy had pouched egg.
People Stepped Up And Confessed Their Darkest Moments On The Sims, And Shit Got Weird
is it weird that certain emojis remind me of certain people???
my dream was weird
Then what is it? Dya have like, some weird growth or something? A third nipple? A tail?
Weird how one of my nicknames is 'Nerd' like I ain't sorry that I actually do work when I'm paying \x9c9000 a year
If I remember correctly the sensitive version left a weird after taste
It was very weird being back in school this morning
During ed, sleep dep, weird supplements, I became very paranoid and delusional. I know how that pt that must feel for her
were amazing Can't wait for Get Weird a tour coming soon! #xfactorau
It's weird to think that if phones didn't exist, half of everyone's problems wouldn't either
Life is too short to be normal. Stay weird. Ayeeaaa!
It feels weird to say this but..... come link up for the last ever #bakeoffbakealong 2015
I don't mind sharing my dry dog food if it helps protect these weird but fab animals!
Tom got a little too weird and passed out on me.
Hallelujah that would have been such a anticlimax of the series ending. Can't wait! I'm so out of touch with American TV. Feels weird
am i the only ones who think that u r too cute to do expectation vs reality? Because it's just weird seeing you in a badmood :)
I've read that defence FOUR times this morning. It's just so, so weird.
weird thing on reddit where people who win large amounts of money are directed to /r/personalfinance to 'learn to be responsible with it'
yeah. today was deffffffffff weird
you've succumbed to the peppard steak.
Man Kills Imaginary Friend, Turns Self In, Takes World's Saddest Mug Shot
On Insta looking hip 20 something\'s and this one dude has a caption "being weird takes you far" im like no you just have rich parents
yeah its super weird and not a good decision at all... even this halloween set right now will be replaced by oct 31st...
Watching someone playing Hotline Miami 1 timidly is SO WEIRD
Charging 5p for carrier bags , banning segways... Sure it's 2015 some weird decisions being made in our country
Mad About Monkeys: A Loving Illustrated Encyclopedia of Weird and Wonderful Kindred Creatures: via @brainpicker
Thanks for all the weird user names, y'all. I use them for passwords.
you got to admit,its pretty weird @lean3jvv
weird hia rai
That was so weird
they're shouting for my weird space kid
gee thanks! I thought I look weird cuz people were giving me the "look" you know
I can't sing any higher songs...it makes my voice sounds a bit..weird...
can't run.. too fat from all the tomatoe
WEIRD! People With Extra Body Parts
It's a true mix of weird and fascinating.
XD weird angles sometimes can do that lol
damn awk i left house at a weird timing and now I'm stranded outside the clinic
#NowPlaying Weird Al - Eat It :: Tune In:
I Really See All Weird Shit On Twitter Rightnow !!
Weird to live in a world where you have a better chance of seeing nudity on a tv show about dragons and zombies than in Play
Hey errybody!! and I are doing a QNA together! Please respond with some cool questions for me :) get weir
Well of all names you went for that and it's just weird cause it's from you RraThapelo
That was weird
Are You Brave Enough For A Mouthful Of Unbelievably Weird Potato Chips
Last night I dreamt Ronnie Kray was trying to murder me about 3 times, the dreams these nicotine patches are causing are fucking weird.
dreams are weird af
I am so freaking tired but I had so much caffeine today I'm in a weird and slightly delirious/confused state
It's weird I'm drinking right next to my managers..
Saison 14 by Weird Beard, purchased at The first sip of this beer was pretty sour and I wasnt s
so weird :/
but his Starred playlist is still saved on mine it's weird listening to it, i feel like i stole something
why does every other NPC comment on how weird it is literally one of the very first prompts my character gets the chance to like..
I want to write a classic like Yesterday but weird songs about meatballs in refrigerators come into my head I can't help it.
how can you be so weird and cute at the same time #happyjiminday #BTSJMday2015
I had a weird night but thankfully I still remembered the power in the name of Jesus.
mmm, isn't good. Weird shit. Cunt is a beast but that's pretty bad.
It's so weird thinking back to when you first met someone that moment you had no idea they would have such a big impact
Well I was drunk and paranoid last nightSome weird car was checking out the area midnight flashing beamlights through my windows Sitin there
There's people I love but I don't trust... Weird....
lets get fucking weird Riley Anderson
i think he looks like j-hope Especially when smiling manner Funny , I also weird lol
Weird is good tho
i saw that, weird.
You're so weird its attractive. #TOMIHOLoveConquersAll
isnt it weird how a year ago a little joke was just harmless but now literally anything can offend somebody
He seems to flash now and then, I think they rate him as a run blocker. Erving pick is going to look weird if he and Mack stay.
is it weird that i find newborn's cries pleasant to my ears
it's weird he hasn't mentioned it
Also the word small looks so weird
Le guy best friend is acting weird, lol how could he not see my childish side
Tofu is weird
Man this is my first time recording my own voice. It sounds weird for some reason! Lol
it's really weird knowing only one of us will actually marry Harry
Hilarious Signs From 'The Simpsons' You Probably Never Noticed! #weird
instead buy Get Weird when it comes out and if it does good on your country they will tour there
life is weird, don't think, live in the moment. be happy, spend time with ones who make you feel good. enjoy yourself.
It's weird smoking with no filter and no roach
Ppl be so weird
The pet name 'bubba' needs to stay between you and your significant other...in text messages where only you read it ....really fuckin weird
I wish you to come to Argentina too, i need to meet you so bad. Please come to Argetina for Get Weird tour ):
GET WEIRD TOUR IN AUS NEXT YEAR IN MAY?!?!! CHOOSING MY OUTFIT ALREADY
10 Weird Things About America That Americans Don't ReaIiz...
this is so weird
Lol I find it a little weird knowing people are filming away! Had a strange meeting when someone had #google
First day of contact lenses, yes I know I look weird without glasses I've heard it 15 times today
No idea what this is about, but this sure is weird, the guy is dying, settle your problem later when he's ok.
I had a weird dream of you-you were a basketball player(basketball clothes looked good on you) but you didn't know how to play
I changed my pinned tweet and it feels weird
It's just weird. People don't quantify this shit when they're wanking all over Big Hero 6. Why the stigma when it's bands?
Blatter: wenger criticized weird: uZMcoayR
Lol what a weird dream o.O
Members Of One Direction Have Most Weird Tattoos In The World
Daily Weird #Coupons and #Deals is out! Stories via @Benadryl
It was great seeing you today! sorry for being weird @ClintonCave
weird why
Stats are back! It was a weird and funny experience, but at least I got all my progress back xD
I was feeling pretty insecure but then said my brain is just being a Dominant Daddy. She's weird... Thanx for
This guy I used to hook up with is back in town and keeps hitting me up but I ended it before cause he was being really weird
Its weird how in 2 years im expected to be in college knowing what i want to do with my life meawhile i dont know what im doing today
Being weird around someone is a way of letting them know that you're actually comfortable with them.
isnt it weird that the is like. thuh and thee.
I leave for Australia tomorrow. This is a weird feeling.
News Footage of Illegal Immigrants with a Laughter Soundtrack is Kinda Weird d/
i did squats before to stay warm, but people were looking weird at me so i stopped
it's so weird thinking back to when you first met someone that moment you had no idea they would have such a big impact on
weird ass conversations at 5:41 am @BrooklynBates2
yeah, like said, I like that you play weird games that don't always perform the best. It's super entertaining. :)
I love people I can be weird with..
How to Receive.... Oral S3X Tips!
I was feeling pretty insecure but then said my brain is just being a Dominant Daddy. She's weird... Thanx for the TotD! #FF
I mean... Have I been spelling it wrong the whole time?? I spell it as defenceless... Is that weird?
U r giving me weird ideas as I eat my noodles. Imagine an ff wherein Jinwoo wonders IF it really is big.
caitlyn jenner may be a woman now but that aint stoppin me from fucking her in her weird ass pussy
Attending my regular classes feels weird and foreign.
its ok niall I also have that weird auto correct
Weird things I wonder about in the train include: "Is Gray boyfriend material?"
Y\'all are so caught up on hoping your kids look super cute with "really nice hair". The obsession yall have is so weird
NOW MY LAPTOP SMELLS WEIRD
You're my type of weird &lt;3
same whenever I've been, only places that sell beer on tap are cafes, reyt weird
Saudi Arabia is a major catalyst in the process of the demonisation of Islam. Weird right? But true
Its weird how they all look alike...ya know...that porn star look. And that porn lifestyle is in their personal lives too.
Some people are so weird o.O
What does all the weird stuff in ride food actually do?
Is it weird that your eyes remind me of a Coldplay song ?
I'm in one of those weird moods where you just wanna curl up in your blanket and cry for no reason
Because no matter how diverse we are, we have that weird, out-of-this-world, unexplainable, crazy bond that make us see the good things
run from there Run quickly
I have some weird ass dreams
hmm my husband thinks I'm weird cos I have a huge underwear fetish especially when it comes to thongs
you should add europe dates for Get Weird tour too
you girls sounded amazing tonight!! Good job, see you at the get weird tour in May #LittleMixInAustralia
can someone stop making me eat this junk my stomach's feeling all weird
My body is so weird Humans are weird , bye
this is weird coming From U, but ifc we will wait for them...Thank you SM
im not thats the weird part lol
Learning about quarry\'s, lecturer says the quarry is known as a "gloryhole" acc burst out laughing, people think I\'m weird
feels weird to know you're in Nola w/o me! Michaels adventure? Random flashing lights that turned into a d
My dreams are far to weird atm
Weird blood splatter.?! #ggtv
A Fresh Selection Of Funny, Weird And WTF Pics To Improve Your Mood And P...
no she doesn't lmao.....he's like a weird mentor figure?
hahaha i knew she was weird ffs
Still find it weird that we all have to pay for carrier bags now! #whyengland
In a break out into song kinda mood haha but also feeling super mellow. Such a weird combination though
..............why is my friend so weird im bYE
Gluten allergies are a hipster myth
Your smile. Your laugh. Your crust. Your sauce. Your cheese. Your toppings. Your jokes. Your weird faces. Your teasing. Pi
I'm on the weird side of the internet again...
Another weird dream, this time about stuffs in my hometown.
Spent most of yesterday evening drawing, it was weird lol I haven't sat down at my desk and did that in so long
My thought process is so weird I realised
Chase Owens and Kenny Omega? What a weird but interesting team-up for the Super Jr. Tag Team Tournament this year... #NJPW #njPST
Clementines give me weird dreams
Des Moines is a weird name lol
The guy in this documentary reminds me really heavily of my grandad which is weird and bittersweet
Nature does this weird thing where it takes your breath makes u feel so big important and so small insignificant
When #NoBraDay coincides with International Disaster Reduction Day...weird?!
i'm weird *chuckles* miann
Like I'm grasping on to some weird mountain cliff and then suddenly I am in bed and then ??? My friends were in it but also strangers
She's really going over math problems at this time I love your weird ass tho
Bollywood celebrities and their weird\xffdemands
of course! but some people have a weird reasoning for disliking a character and blaming everything on them
Switching to my iPhone 5 is so weird my hands feel like 20 X the size of the phone
...it's so weird letting family follow me on twitter...this is as uncensored as I get with social media and people who know me...
LOL I CAN CONTO MY FACE AND LOOK UNHUMAN IT'S WEIRD
Had some weird ass dream last night.
if he hadn't had access to guns he wouldn't have killed the lion, weird logic
lol it's so weird reading your younger siblings tweet like.... do you know what to and what not to tweet? lol
I don't know whether I want tea or icecream but both together would be too weird
i miss shouyou so much it's weird bc he's FICTIONAL
Hawaiian day, hair, makeup, outfit, and flower bow thing, crazy weird and different
Imo it's weird it's called Rick and Morty when the family's struggles with the inventions is the funnier part of the show.
O\xa1do al pasar: me, if i talk: i'm being so annoying and everybody hates me and thinks i'm weird me, if i...
Ex girlfriends that have broken my heart. #8 was the worst
Ohaiya thar. Yes, this time of day is a REAL thing, weird as he'll, right?
wasn't too happy when I brought up its weird, has now blocked me SCORE
I've got Hypnagogia which is really weird man
Why VICERYLLE People might say that I\'m weird for shipping them but bish they\'re the only one who give me "kilig" that ca
The "J 5" in the background tho. That is weird part about this funny picture. October 13th save the tatas! #NoBraDay
I do this weird thing where I forget what I'm doing when I'm not doing anything.
it is way too hot and i keep waking up every like 45 minutes from weird dreams
Nagisa just throws himself on rei's bed and WHUT it just cut to some weird green art on rei's wall that looks like a vag
so weird but why ?
So taking a gander on Twitter I've learnt there is a different kind of porn to what I've seen or use to. Weird. Lol!
Honestly speaking I'm getting tired of Jackson's white hair. He put su much toner in the last retouch that it looks weird.
I need friends who have foxtel, only way I'll be watching (and i really love the UK version, weird guilty pleasure)
It's like a weird drug hit.
Yeah, 'valid' probably was not the best word to put there. It's just weird that one's an 'accepted. response. People suck, haha.
Weird moment when you think of someone and they text you. Must be psychic!
#LittleMixInOz #BlueRoom Are you comming to Europe in the 'Get Weird Tour'? Spanish mixers love you
I just saw a snapchat story of a horse giving birth.... That was weird.
i found it weird that i got un-used to undyne's patterns but when i fought sans again, it's like i'm suddenly back where i was the last time
The VD is so weird without Elena, it's undeniable. You could feel something missing the whole episode.
If Im walking funny it's either a. certain skinny jeans wear weird or b. Im getting used to my new shoes..
you know you're weird friends when you talk about dan's handwriting being bad af.
I get called weird. So that's your opinion. Thank you. At least I'm confident about it !
Hyukjae :'( Suju's enlistments make me really sad amd it's rly weird bc I'm not even a fan? But it feels like an end to an era tbh
But It feels so weird keep waking up at 7 since Friday
Woah,weird dreams can really get to you
People say its weird that i become a guy
Weird because this past few days I just hate seeing guys.
i think i need sleep too.... im talking weird like when the mrs says i love you i respond with "i love cheese"
realized how weird it feels to be the only asian in this apartment lol. no one ever knows what I'm eating IM NOT USED TO THIS
19 Weird Animals On The Verge Of Extinction Can We Please Save 3 Its Too Cool To Lose
boy you talking to the wrong girl about your problem .bc like I'm your ex and it's just weird lmaoo
its weird to feel like you miss someone youre not even sure you know.
Retweet for Niall being weird on stage. #WeArePerfect #EMABiggestFans1D
It's so weird having this full-time 'jo, not getting paid a dime lol
if you ever feel weird just remember that i once thought of akt as cammy's dad #setsubot
Why do I keep discovering stretch marks in weird places on my skin? ;w; I'm 180 pounds, I'm not supposed to have stretch marks.
My niece is weird 50% of time she's all Disney princess other 50%, she's like I'm iron man I'm going to kill you. Like wtf
I'm asking you out for drinks and some fondling. It's not a date. Don't make this weird.
Things got a little weird last night. #SmoshTheMovie
Fav this and I'll DM you something I've always wanted to tell, unless what I've always wanted to tell you is too weird, then I'll just lie
Now there is a candidate When will you be taking votes on the best Weird Al songs?
Truth About Cellulite: See these weird tips to help you get rid of cellulite in our cellulite removal video.
My eyss are weird but the lighting is good and my mood is as well so fuck it and hI THIS IS ME AND I LOVE HARRY
It's rare that I'm ever in bed before 12, yet here I am watching Netflix since about 9. It feels weird to not have any homework to finish
10 Weird Kids Who Went Too Far
Weird dreams
saeronkeu: A lot of weird things turn out to be good. Here's why we embrace #Goodweird:
We see ourselves everyday in the mirror but we don't see ourselves grow up or change... Weird.
So weird taking a call at work from someone I know but they have no idea it's me
just-shower-thoughts: Nightmares are fucking weird. Your brain is the author, viewer and cinema of a horror...
didn't go for chipped potatoes?
It\'s weird when newlyweds post pics of new furniture. Theyre basically saying "Hey look at all the new things we\'re going to be doing it on"
Orange disc is su weird
I find it so weird how music can change your mood completely
Feels weird not being with the girls this year ... Feels even more weird not having around
they're my babies but it feels so weird so just nO...
waking up to firealarms in the house is weird as shit even when there isn't even batterys in them ..
yes sometimes he becomes weird haha
we only have one homeroom now ???? so weird
Well that was weird
its so cute how tonz gets weird about calling seungcheol dad, as if hes really her dad i love her so much
wow if someone called me vika it would be weird or tori
I am sooooo here for the Get Weird era If it involves Good fashion Good vocals and Hot dancing
Youre_Glowing "First viewings on our little house tonight - eeek! Feels weird to think of strangers inspecting our
First viewings on our little house tonight - eeek! Feels weird to think of strangers inspecting our home! #movinghouse #
quiet in the south would be weird...
Come on can it be world tour for get weird tour? @LittleMix
Is it weird that I want the cast of Eastenders to voice the characters in #assassinscreedsyndicate
reading my name from you is sooo weird
i never take selfies from this angle because my eye looks weird so enjoy and appreciate
so cute so weird
Weird #EMABiggestFans1D
Most AWKWARD EMBARRASSING Things that happen to women during SEX>;>;>; READ VIA>;>;
If your going to be weird then at least be confident about it
it's so weird looking at my iPad after looking at my phone sO MYCH BIGGER DI D
what a weird dream
Enjoyed the girls on Aussies? Pre-order #GetWeird: | AUTour waitlist:
You may be weird af but I still want that ass
At the same time I'm going to be quite sad because they've been a BIG part of my life for 5 years it's gunna be so weird :-(
Who Says Weird Isn't Good Here Are 17 Weirdest Street Ad That Goes All The Way
kinda weird bc last night i was in such a happy mood and now i just want to die
Shout out to all the nurses in the metro area who work the same weird "no sleep" schedule as us. Y\'all the best.
10 weird and terrifying medical instruments from the past
Your smile. Your eyes. Your voice. Your lips. Your hair. Your laugh. Your hands. Your jokes. Your weird faces. Your teasing. You.
yes fact haha I think we're still weird or wielded too
its weird how the northeast has a similar relationship to the southeast as brazil as a whole does to the US.
Why is the quantum world so weird? Here's this week's Explanimator to tell you
Preorders of #GetWeird have risen +19 spots on Australian iTunes since the X Factor performance (so far)!
If u find urself saying "maybe I shouldn\'t say this, he\'ll think I\'m weird" then ur with the wrong guy. Find someone who a
ITS WEIRD TO SEE YOU SO ENTHUSIASTIC ABOUT BEING THE DAD YOU LIKE BEING MOM DONT YOU
The 14 Weird Ocean Creatures That Are Possibly Creeping In Our Waters Now
lol wut, thats weird :S
if u like a person, what will u do in 3 months that u r being paired? dont u think it is weird dat u r not making any moves?
Chronic always gives me weird ass dreams
Jurgen Klopp and wife chat to locals during Formby 'house hunt
THE WEIRD NOISES AT THE END OF BAE BAE
Life is weird smh
I don't even know how I'm up right now. I have weird sleep schedules the night before I travel
my throat feels weird
So weird when ppl call me by my first and middle name because barely anyone knows my middle name
it is weird it is like he is from another anime who is guest starring
Weird emails you get this time of year. #Budget16
it's kinda weird my mom didn't call me this morning or yesterday .
I feel so weird because i have no particular style and its so hard for me to even define myself.
Jesse has a crush on me n its weird..
is it weird to think that accs which to try to help relieve anxiety are more depressing than accs which tweets thoughts from s
It's weird how much 1 person can change your mood
65 things that make British people feel slightly guilty. We're so weird. I love us.
Ended up falling asleep and had such a weird dream :/
Photo: That Creepy face, that weird smile, and half chubby check hahhaha get well soonnnnnn!!! but,...
IDK IF it's the meds or what but the weird dreams continue. So far no Tim Drake tonight tho D:
Finally got my new phone!! so weird having a screen this big though
Weird as when someone splits up with there girlfriend and adds u back on snap creep lataaaa
it's not weird if I learnt all the words on the first day I heard it- is it? :P
So disgusted. Yet despite numerous requests to explain why, not a single response. Fucking weird.
Used to think people who listened to meditation music were weird, uni has made me realise it is a God send
I hate my new glasses omg they're horrible EVERYTHING LOOKS SO WEIRD
Kelsea is needin to take those frozen pyjamas off. Cos it's gettin weird
"it feels weird. . I feel soft" mumbles
Literally everything is either stagnant or opportunities come all at once. Weird :P
She Draws Eyebrows on Her Cheeks. When She's Done, I'm Speechless
lol weird having a phone with decent battery life
It STILL seems weird to me, actually.
feels so weird walking around in my book out attire in ntu
I always feel slightly weird when I try to find a workaround just for buying something.
5 days. #KloppsArmy
I actually just want to go home and think about weird life is.
technically it didn't. remember those weird items that couldn't be collected?
Every #LFC fan when we all remember Jurgen Klopp is our manager!
Would it be weird to offer my body up as a tribute to a certain youtuber who may or may not be my senpai?
like the school schedule this week is so weird tbh
Ang weird
Weird News \xff'uhdXjoAJMGaz' via @233liveOnline. Full story at
My sleep tonight has been so weird first I couldn't sleep and then I was kinda asleep then I woke up then I fell sound asleep and now I'm up
I know Hitchens was a divisive figure, but to single out his genuine acuity with language to make gags seemed weird to me.
those weird stares you get when you enter a room full of people you don't know
Lol. You are weird.
No training photos from today as Getty were not at Melwood. #lfc
Me and my daughter, had a weird body-swap at #DallasCon. I don't want to switch back.
It's weird like either I feel empty asf or hurting all over .
it's so weird when you're just doing your thing and then all of a sudden you remember a dream from the night before
I just woke up and had 873324655 weird dreams
Follow this weird ass fool @DePiotrVlog
guys this feels weird
This used to be in my house, it's weird seeing it on Twitter
i'm walking through school but i don't have the energy to actually pull up my legs so i'm walking rlly weird lol
Weird News - Drunk woman Periscopes herself driving while intoxicated - then gets arrested: Not surprisingly, ...
Weird News - Drink drive suspect claims his dog was driving the car: If you've run out of excuses, you can alw...
My dream was so weird
Weird News - Fire crews use infrared drone to help tackle blaze: Firefighters deployed their latest cutting-ed...
Is it weird to follow your own RP account? I wanna follow Launch lol
weird fact: I sleep precisely 2hrs without a clock alarm. always.
there are so many people i know just through Twitter that i wanna be friends w/ but i don't want them thinking im weird
thank youu! You cant call me Canada in public! Its weird!! Hahahah
Jenny that is brilliant news!! congratulations! I bet you feel better is so weird to be able to run during daylight hours!
Intruder alert! Weird dude with a mohawk invades The Offspring then life goes on!
omg ive only had three hours of sleep and my stomach feels weird and i have two tests today #amidead #andamiinhell
Good things come in small packages? Size restrictions has led to some weird and wonderful houses in Japan
Huh? There's some kinda weird drawing under all the permanent ink...
uni is weird because you're having the time of your life whilst simultaneously having daily mental breakdowns
you are weird
where is that gif of like. this weird cartoon deer taking its front hooves off and waggling its creepy little fingers
it's like once every 6 months or something I have a super weird dream featuring you
Apparently I talk and laugh in my sleep..I am weird even when I am sleeping...
It feels good but weird at the same time when you wake up and knowing you don't have to study anymore
Some guys are weird
It's so weird because I feel guilty on studying too much that makes me abandon this acc :(
It's weird how close this is to the schedule I'm posting on Twitch.
WTF (Vine by Weird Vines)
A #HauntedHouse that makes you sign a waiver before entering. #NoThanks
Beware: if you do this enough? You will enter a weird place... Where you're attracted to a woman but have friendzoned urself.
Thank god her caption says that,thought she has a weird obsession with coffee like Yuri lol
Tbh it's awful when a teacher fan of Korean celeb because she is one weird women who cough all day.. Kay i sound so rude
Wow I've never been so grateful for weird fraternity traditions in my life.
Show up fm jobs online in furtherance of weird locations: CeD
wouaaa this is so weird !! another way to kill Greece
cats do weird stuffs without having to justify themselves so date a cat #keepithalal
Long edit Blindfold MILF gags cougar w weird monster cock Cums on fuck knob: Milfs fuck huge cocks. These wome...
Weird convo between me and lmao. Try to figure out what kind of birds Hyesung and Junjin are
MY THROAT FEELS WEIRD UGH
On a really weird music kick right now..
STILL get carded at 34! I normally don't mind. It's when I get highschool boys hitting on me that it kinda gets weird @BretMega
Bad or weird dreams really fuck me up .
Narry? You still exist? You still asleep? Wake the fuck up and be randomly weird again! Help: Niall! NANDOS! Harry? KALE!
This chick don't have any ass just weird as braids...UF
I still think that the L, H, X x are a bit weird, but I learnt to like the S, though.
Georgia calls this he cad, do u get it? Cat pad? Cad. She's weird
dude I admire you sm it's weird like I love ur hair ur style u and everything u r so great dude
Canada has some weird kids tv shows
HAPPY BIHDAY 2timer trickster snitchThx for beingso weird my BFF for so long!Have a party in a box day
I Didn't Know Any Of These 22 Weird Things Before Today 7 Left Me Speechless
Jimmy best performer /singer in the show and he gets voted out Aussies weird and hopelessly inadequate voters
I know I look weird.
Weird that I'm actually here now
Michigan has weird sex laws. If the person is 16 or older but under 18 and you're 18 or 19 it's legal but if you're nearing 20 it's not
when a white character purposely does something weird we have to figure out if its a thing only movie ppl do or if its a white ppl thing
Hi, Prince. I'm a 23 year-old male, and I'm a fan. Isn't that weird? Weird, right? I downloaded the app., just for you!
It was very disjointed and very weird. I woke up with a throat sorry I'm scared I'm getting sick. What is this?
Mad Libs at 6 in the morning . Things are getting weird lol
Gretchen: You're weird. Donnie: Sorry. Gretchen: No, that was a compliment actually #Bot
I had a very weird dream that idk how to put in words
y'all niggas weird
Life is weird. You can go from being strangers. To being friends. To being more than friends. To being practically strangers again.
Ultimate summer life hack: How to light a barbecue with tortilla chips #lifehack #absorbed
#GiveTwitterASlogan Twitter: The Good, The Bad the Weird! #OfCourseItsYummy #YummyFun
My life goals are to help Portland be weird and to learn until my brain implodes.
Halloween is only about 2 weeks away! Here's a haunted house in California that makes you sign a waiver before...
i dream weird stuff i don't wanna talk about it ah
Let our weird shine together.
The top commensurate weird stickers: UNdHuUWx
One more year left of this weird queer Muslim Trannie
it's weird how many people hate me when all i do is sit in my bed and wait for my friends to ask me to hang out with them (they don't)
bbcdoctorwho We're making new weird music with lasers and solar panels. Would love to
Tas weird kaayo bc i dont know what to feel.
Lately, I have this weird addiction to Graham crackers, apple, banana and pineapple. Those are my alternatives to chocolates sweets.
Weight-lifting gran proves life begins at 50 - Pendle Today
My friends are weird wtf
Photoset: theairisacid: Daily (kinda creepy stalkery weird) I Love Howard Charles post Oh gosh that middle...
Guys the last rt is my personal acc and my dream was so weird Luke just randomly went "I really don\'t like watermelon juic
it's hard to take her seriously, when she looks like weird Al Yankovic and utters such dangerous rubbish
we all thought it was soo cute when my dog followed Maureen around the house when she came home- but when I do it it\'s "weird" and "creepy"
also my eyes are weird so its hard to actually do eyeliner well it cant be even because my face is so uneven i hate it
oh no your mother just descended into weird racist shit...I already have bogan aunts for this purpose
Is it weird that I say grace before snack time too? Lol
She's weird , but doesn't show it all the time
So many accents in the UK. Where I live it's a pretty weird to outsiders, then theres Scouse, Manc, that's before even >;
does anyone else have incredibly weird ass dreams every night and remember them entirely
People are so weird
Damn, you like some weird shit.
If u find urself saying "maybe I shouldn\'t say this, he\'ll think I\'m weird" then ur with the wrong guy.Find someone who
Guys the last rt is my personal acc and my dream was so weird Luke just randomly went "I really don\'t like watermelon juice"
It's so weird thinking back to when you first met someone that moment you had no idea they would have such a big impact on
Immigrant bus driver tries to rape teen in MN -
like when i smile it just looks fake/weird because of my face. and i hate that so much. and my legs/arms are too long for
stop actin weird
hyukjae's trainer...is kinda gay.../o\\ its kinda weird seeing another guy trying to be gay with hyukjae /o\\
Had a weird ass dream last night that has me thinking
Its weird when you realize the person you once told everything to now has no idea of whats happening in your life.
everything feel so weird
shouldnt: jesus: shouldnt: its so weird to think that i have more followers then jesus did yea but i doubt...
I have a weird personality
YOU ARE SO WEIRD
And suddenly it's weird to sit on a stranger'z lak and ask for free stuff?
what a weird face
it feels weird, like a really weird movie
Weird how the majority prefers the only liberal democracy in the Middle East to your terrorist chums. #Gallowanker
Chicago crowd chants Husky Harris. They may as well just chant "We have Google" Or "We remember older stuff", but that
Does anyone remember Sharkeisha or was that some weird dream I had
#dumbcriminal #weird Hunter survives 6 days without water in Australian Outback: PEH,...
Anyone else into all the weird stuff going around Pinterest etc for Halloween? Tis the season for fake floating ghosts.
the weird dude on twitter
She's weird fam
was actually ill informed self promotion like some weird inter-professional riv
So weird being in the front of an ambulance with the sirens on watching everyone stop for you!
actually passed English GCSE, weird isn't it
Kinda weird but I love your voice. The book is amazing! Kisses from Germany!
I love doing weird things
10 Times People Who Parked Like A-Holes Got What They Deserved
Here is Ophiosteira, brittlestars from the Antarctic are so weird..
unexpected twinning with the weird girl at my bus stop who constantly tries to talk to me :)
Enter weird part of the night where my mind goes crazy.
Canada should get a Get Weird tour too! :( #WeWantAGetWeirdTour #GetWeirdTour
I FEEL SO WEIRD RN FCING WOOZI.
I'm not even on drugs. I'm just actually weird.
I was playing dota 2 today, but we had this weird tree defence map instead.. Sad we couldn't make it, gege wp @theAlliance
Much love to who'll be giving 'Stay Weird' a spin on her show between 3pm - 5pm!
"I notice I have A LOT of music bots. Is that weird?" #Bot
It's strange I know. And perhaps ot comes off in a weird way. But that's just how I am. I deal with my own shit on my own.
I had a weird dream and now I can't go sleep
17 Bizarre Photos Of Girls Kissing Weird Stuff What The
Am I too weird right neows?
it was this weird palace thing and i was alone in line to meet tyler and when i went in the room to say hi he had no idea who i was
Ask me on Don't ask me weird questions
I kind of wanna bring my blanket to school. Is that weird!?
I got a new fan in my room and it doesn't make as much noise as my old one, but I feel so weird sleeping in complete silence
I have got a second choice, but it looks like they aren't available either, nor my third choice! All for weird reasons too.
Wrote 1000 new words of the new book today. Feels v weird not writing from inside Nathan's head, but is feeling less weird
woah i was just in a new zealand tv presenters wikipedia hole and i guess i forgot paul holmes passed away? weird
So weird, think ima just stay asleep
it's so weird not having hair on my head .
too weird to be normal, too normal to be weird
Back To The Future Part 2: Universals weird new hoverboard ad #scifi #sciencefiction
And yet the most experienced unemployed workers, those over 50, still don't get considered for jobs. Weird.
I'm wearing leggings. I haven't worn leggings in so long it's weird. But I used to wear them all the time
I hate it when people say "people don\'t change." Anyone and everyone can change... It\'s just about who\'s willing to work for
. Weird how others make the headlines either neutral or make it look like Israelis are attacking Pals! Effin hacks!
yes he's a weird one
I liked a video TASTING WEIRD LUNCHABLES!
This is weird, first day without a back brace
Ever wonder why CSS colour names are weird? No - just me then:
Weird use of Muse, too.
It's weird we still revere Sunday like that day is more special than others.
That's a weird looking dog.
yup. it was weird at first but let her be happy :) i heard some rumors abt Tay having a break? is it true?
Dreams are weird.
Literally feel so weird in this onesie.
whay feels weird?? You should be glad to be moving on more adult;;) Okee #HBDforTomorrowMeganDomani
It's weird looking back at who I started 2015 with and who I'm ending it with.
Koku. Koku, I was talking about demon semen. Don't make it weird.
It feels so weird not studying for anything when all you've done for the past how many weeks was studying.
"Every guy carries box cutters it wouldn\'t even be weird." -James
They are crazy. Rubio returned donation $$ Now Anderson is donating to Rubio again. Weird ppl
Weird Wares: An Interview With Giant Swan (@GiantGiantSwan).
yo yogi was a weird time in history
Cool. I always wanted this stuff.... ha ha
If you have any weird talents and want to be on YouTube please inbox me
sometimes I look in the mirror and see a big fat ball, other days I see a nice body. I'm weird.
Flight just landed at BCH Airport! Gonna be a fun day in this weird town!!!
had a dream that i repaired dr webber's heart and meredith and i hugged and cried. weird.
i'll just act weird
TV show needs 80's type weird, spacey synth music! (vocals instrumentals)
lad here's that weird creature thing
that kinda looks doctored. Something looks weird like his hand has been drawn in
Hazel texted me today. This feels weird. Am I on #YouGotGot?
My friend is so weird, she called me and didnt say anything just giggled. I asked her and she just hung up.
Jared and Jensen on weird/funny things that happened on set (VOSTFR) MDRRRRRR !!!! #spn
God, I'm so weird
Do What Works to Pay Attention, Even if People Think You're Weird via @YouTube
i find it weird that someone was like I REALLY WANNA BE UR FRIEND abt me for like months
Feels weird not being next to him
i'm so excited for get weird, girls!!!!! omg can't wait!!!!! love you
Stay Weird
Weird, large, shadow man walking through parking lot? Any other month just a guy going to work. October? Michael Myers #Nope
DAY 4 . But Mrs Henny Penny thinks the chicken run lot are too weird and has moved in! #squat theology
Omggggg there's this weird smell and it's making me feel sick
I look really silly and like a 45 year old father of 3 but in a weird way I look hot as f
#News Haunted house is so terrifying you have to sign a waiver before you enter
haha i agree... But i love it. I love being weird. Lelz
"I\'ve been having these weird thoughts lately... Like, is any of this is real or not?"
Weird: "There\'ll be a surprising face peering out among the line-up of hipster anchors and hirsute reporters that ...
#Virgos hate when ppl start to act funny/weird toward them; they'd rather you say how you feel so it could be fixed or le
Is it weird if I'm cold outside rn
I'm not even on drugs. I'm just weird.
I haven't seen the movie yet but ozcan and yasemin ??!!!! It's just weird
Still have this weird feelings towards you
weird i will give it another try
NP: Hopelessly devoted to you. kinda weird right? this song always reminds me of my mom.
The club is acting really really weird re press releases and stuff. Suarez still not training and we haven't heard a thing. Hmm.
Netflix really have some weird movies on it
I feel like I look so weird
hello weird
that we are weird
I mean, I like muscles and they're hot and all but when guys start doing those weird show off positions... ugh, it just turns me off tbh.
I'm glad it looks like a jump tho i was worried his legs look weird or smth since I had no reference orz (>;~&lt;)
HE IS SO CUTE WITH ALL THE WEIRD FACES HE DOES! OMG #EMABiggestFans1D
caloriq: shout out to my parents for combining their genes to create the most unattractive, weird, annoying...
why do ppl follow me on twitter and not instagram, im weird as hell on here. At least on instagram im cute
Weird beard Faceless Spreadsheet Ninja and Poppels American Pale Ale (background) @indewildeman. Very nice.
But kirins eats rainbows and clouds ... or so I've been told. Demons' bedtime stories are weird
shawty weird bro
blemishes is so weird but i actually despise the word pimples so a heads up
7 weird body symptomssolved:
dhyvd: "lenovo: A lot of weird things turn out to be good. Here\'s why we embrace #Goodweird:
It's weird wearing my own outfit to school..
Ekoderuth1: A lot of weird things turn out to be good. Here's why we embrace #Goodweird:
Weird how the majority prefers the only liberal democracy in the Middle East to your terrorist chums. BedlamJon
Get Weird - Little Mix
Here are 7 Most Insane Things That Have Been Banned Across The World:
So weird to have such a person who asks yet so touching at one point
I had this weird dream last night that Adam Sandler made like 30 sports comedies and now I'm not sure if I ever woke up
#mondayblogshare I\'ve planned to write a "dirty book" since 6th grade. Does that make me weird?
It's time to stop talking about quantum theory like it's really weird, writes And here's why.
Its weird
I'm wearing something that i've never wear for such a long time. This is weird
I have a really weird rash spreading on my face :(
There are some weird ass people on my bus
I'm not weird, I'm limited edition
It's weird how I don't visit my gp for 4 yrs and then all of a sudden I'm either in the gp surgery or having consultations with my surgeon!
ok this is weird
But then again I did this all the time when I was swimming so I don't know why I find this weird.
Ndebele is so weird for me!
KATHNIEL Rather be weird than boring af. #PSYHiwalay #PushAwardsKathNiels
chelsea is weird
...lol you so late! I deleted it !i felt weird just tweeting it..
I can understand some of the changes they're making. Others seem a bit weird to me.
"Weird people drive innovation."
This Baby Was Very Unlikely To Survive. But the Parents Never Lost Hope!
why are all the main characters in dinosaur movies brontosauruses while all the weird and old characters are the triceratops
googles cyborg gets all weird sexy cyborg ladies
cus they used to be children, and thats weird, children dont age.
I had like 3 weird ass dreams last night all with people I know in them
Feel like billing on Mw2, that's a weird sensation i haven't felt in a while
its so weird bc hes alrd been 20 in korea and?? wow ok how is this kid 20
Just saw super weird vid w/ @BookPeople, but, serious (curly girl) question, how long does it take to straighten her hair?
It's so weird being up when the rest of the world isn't.
Why do I feel this weird urge whenever I'm around @Utau_HARMON_E? It's creeping me out... ///////
no. Its weird
You may enjoy the thrill of imagining whatever is around the n... More for Aquarius
- I just saw this, and it made me think of you all your weird overseas travels and lewd signs. LOL
it's a very weird thing that happened. I think we should have a system similar to NZ or the netherlands personally
I like people who appreciate my weird personality.
So many weird dreams, feel like I've barely slept
I can't beat the boss on the Weird Twitter level.
thats so weird
they are cuntish. and its weird
weird, I can see you've replied to me but it's not showing in my notifications
u know they gotta have weird ass fuckin names
Stop looking at me weird, you're the one who didn't dress up you look weird
I be having some really weird ass dreams
I am weird, deal with it
Had a dream Saddam Hussein lived in a cluttered 50's ranch home in my neighborhood. He was grumpy but deep down a nice guy. Weird.
"cut down a little belly fat each day. Click here to discover the one weird trick" etc
Mt Wellington, World Vision Weird Canberra: the October "Leigh eReport" #auspol
I mean it's actually kind of weird that me and my cat are using the bathroom at the same time..
you know life's weird when you're watching despicable me in religion class
I want to tell my groupchat about my piercing but my ex is in it and that could get weird for everyone. Real quick.
Extreme dirty protest sees angry sanitation worker 'spray three tonnes of sewage on
#History #Science: weird sharp-toothed #bird flew over #dinoaurs' heads via
That weird moment when suggests you follow people you thought you already followed
ok that's just weird.
is it weird I keep going onto page so I can see the balloons
It's weird how much things can change in a day
I have such weird dreams man
taehyung is the weird cute "ya ya ya ya" in the bg of the song with jungkookg
isnt it weird that we have one hand that knows how to do everything and then one hand that just sits there like idk how
Thats really weird
China cabin crew 'industry ritual' sparks online outrage #weird
its weird to think about the person you were a year ago, the person you are now, and the person you will be a year from
I'm just saying that my life is weird. Good weird, but weird.
Spine Chilling 2 Sentence Horror Stories! #weird
I also woke up with no retainer on my top teeth which was weird
Your fucking weird lmfao
"We are weird to begin with."
" A lot of weird things turn out to be good. Here\'s why we embrace #Goodweird:
. just looks weird b/c the first clip doesn't have letterbox
I have never sent anyone rude anons or hate or anything, but people have often offered to do it for me. Which is kinda sweet but also weird.
My nose looks weird
One Direction's Made in the A.M comes out within a week of Little Mix's Get Weird, I am NOT going to be okay.
i kinda jus based "lauren" off a mix of my mum and my bf\'s mum, its so weird
I love people i can be weird with... #kiyaayelife #Ambtv
thats weird Bro " As for me i fuck Raw if you fall pregnant that\'s your own prob don\'t include me"
Which album are you more excited for? - Confident by Demi Lovato FAV - Get Weird by Little Mix
He has been talking about weird shit to himself for an hour straight wtf
is it just me or is YRKs its a mans world exceptionally badly put together ? idea is interesting but execution so far is weird
Why do ppl always get my phone and send weird ass things and then ppl gonna think I'm weird.
how weird is it that you sent her it last night
Oh! DQH has lock-on! Gotta click R3, though. Weird.
is it we
Running for presidency is actually our right. It just happened that there are some weird people aiming for the position.
i say what a weird day because everyday we on some new shit
bc we're weird af and we like it ;; aadfhjsa you're such a great person i feel emotional already gTFO BINAR ILYSM
Today's about to be real weird
when I talk to people, I get too comfortable too fast and then they think I'm weird and just stop talking to me.. \xee\\_()_/\xee
Weird Facts You Can't BeIieve Are True
Aesthetic: sitting with earphones on my ear but no music playing.
You can't buy WHAT in Singapore? gasp emoticon Thought our #PornBan was weird? Here are 7 Most Insane Things...
I just woke up from a weird dream and I can't goback to sleep
Did you make a decision on whether dipping toast in cereal is weird?
Jimin's old school friends said that it's weird to see him in stage being confident and showing his body. -AjKim-
People thinks im weird when im actually enjoying my evening walk
It's weird I usually never know what I want, but when I do I can't have it. lol
i also kinda ship haru/sousuke okay is that weird hopefully not
Raw is bad in weird, possibly groundbreaking ways.
you people are weird
woo! Enjoy! :-P it's weird using ancient emojis :-/
Random, weird science that's for real! #techweev
Honestly though Lena wanting Timothy to be the sperm donor is so weird
what food should i try next?! **TASTING WEIRD LUNCHABLES** ? :)
Weird caterpillar with red horn on back in #nature #outdoors #dachshund today anyone know what is?
i want :)
I hate getting in to an already wet shower
Geezer I rent my cab off never answers my calls so weird
A Boy Walked By A Lake And Saw Something Weird. Nobody Saw This Coming. WOW. #techweev
How am I supposed to announce I have psychosis to a new friend and not have anyone run away I can't do this I'll just say I'm just weird
your logic is so weird Georgia just keep acting like you normally do
Its not everyday that you have weird hair cut, eat quesadilla, get lost walk through some shady overhead bridge
life is weird, man.
My mum asked me why I'm so weird. I replied I watch this legend everyday of my life, I learnt a few things
"Last Man on Earth" is sooooooo good. So funny. So weird. And the only comedy I watch on TV where I legit never know what
I took my braids out and now I feel so weird
it's really less about the card and more about the satisfaction of figuring this all out and achieving a goal i'm weird
weird dream last nite we're bff u crashed ur car in front of my home @ 2 am then we hung out in my tree house all nite
you're so weird we can't be friends
The weird, wonderful world of bioluminescence
lesson: put on a shirt before you walk into the kitchen unless you wanna have a weird conversation while holding ur boobs
kassie using twitter is weird And unnatural
Would it be weird to just lie down on the floor of my office with head phones on and sleep?
This kid on the bus is so weird I swear
Facebook, whats up with that weird graphic that shows up after you log off? #web_design
Maybe our weird flatmate is so terrified of us stealing from her because she's a wee dirty thief, how cheap are CCTV cameras ????
i can actually hear them this is weird lol
it's such a weird feeling.
yesung is weird but like. good weird. i'm so glad he's close with chanyeol and is often hanging out with him
There's something weird going on at towers - is it just me or did the foundations just shake? ?
I dunno, the curry sauce was really weird, not bad but weird, the chicken tasted kinda like ramen flavoring, weird stuff
Doesn't feel sleepy today..that's weird
lol olivia please don't discourage them. Dont mind her people its not weird. Come spend on me pleasee
Those kind of relationships where you can be weird together >;>;
7 Things That Every Girl Has Experienced
his snapchats would be so cute and funny and weird. He needs to get one
Yep! first Noma was Gabe's angel! it's weird to see him so full of hate towards her
Friendship is so weird you just pick a human youve met and youre like yup I like this one and you just do stuff with them.
My uber is listening to some weird music
SearchController weird behaviour when pushing to viewController I'm trying to implement af searchController in th
This nigga weird lol
What a weird piano
this hair color isn't that bad or weird right
Google using Machine Learning to choose Youtube thumbnails. Goodbye weird thumbnails.
The Chuckle Brothers, it's weird, because they haven't actually aged in about 15 years, like at all
ehn thank you
I slept three hours, the colors I'm wearing don't match, I'm going to a press conference and I have a weird pain in my arm. #cantwrite
"Dolomite" - What a very weird name for a mineral O_O
I love it. The b w look was weird at first, but overall I enjoyed it.
is it weird me and my mom both use to watch full house when we were kids
Ok. The weird thing is that it has 40 favs
Google and Levis now collaborating to develop smart pants?? Just having some weird feelings with that..
I've picked up an amazing toy dog recently. Though it looks weird, its moves were quite real.
In the future, Bigg Boss participants will return their weird shoulder bags in protest
bc I probably will be the Canadian way idk why we spell stuff so weird
They effing met. It's so weird finding out about this.
It's gonna feel weird...but it'll be ok!
They Were Just Walking Around A Mall When Suddenly Something Weird Fell From Above
Weird how you can go from having a decent house to being in a shitty hostel
Pretty awesome (I have it stuck in my head)
this reminds me of that pic of mersal in those weird shaped heels lmfao
@ChrissyCostanza... showed me some weird pics of you..:o what the hell is going on in the internet
Huh, that's a bit weird. You reckon you're gonna buy it then? Xbone or PS4?
Omg thank you Lenka. Keep em coming tho til it's weird.
Video was great!! (However a weird video)...but, your laughs and smiles make it worth it!! Keep it up, LOVE U!
The Nightmare by Henry Fuseli is about sleep paralysis. So weird how over centuries it's been described similarly.
It's mindbursting when GTop decide to go cray2....weird cray2.
twitter will always be weird lets just stop right there.
It's weird ever since I got partnered I feel bad when I don't have time to stream.
My name is pretty weird huh
wth this hashtag ' #NoBraDay ' is kinda weird LOL hahaha but ayyye
Really, really weird! x
I was a decent baker and then I had to go gluten free. GF baking is often hit and miss. Things react oddly or go weird.
Did they put Ex Machina in a Vertigo sale? That's a bit weird.
Is it weird that whenever I think of Dinesh Mongia, all I remember is 'Aaaii ga' . 90s Cricket fans would understand.
purple just sounds weird and gives out a good vibe thats why i love it so much
it's always the weird dreams that I remember
I always try to understand harry's weird tweets and the same is happening with his ig now
it woulda been weird bc we would b each other's mum and senpai is funnier
would it b weird to reply 5 months late to a fb message omfdnkdmsms
The best way to help someone identify their strengths is by giving them a compliment.. empowering, I'ma give compliments
Weird ass dreams
haha I'm watching that episode too! Definitely a weird invitation!
youre not actually this weird
Really weird day today. Haaaaaay
"Meninists being oppressed?" - The search was weird and we didn\'t really get it
19 Disturbing And Weird Facts From All Around The World
life is getting too weird
this isn't even the first time. every time I walking home from the bus, he like runs off (without a shirt which is weird)
since it's #ARMYSelcaDay and it's #HappyJiminDay, u guys can see my i.d. ehehehe ( the weird bump on my tummy)
you look so different in photos than in real life it's so weird omg
it's so weird being in the same time zone as grace n chester but i have no complaints
that is true. idk old people are weird man
to work I go
my laptop is being so weird rn
I'd rather be weird than boring
Interesting, I'm weird but have a great h....he's ahead of his time
I have been involved in so much weird shit that has occurred in ur house idek
What a weird picture choice too. 'Dog-whistle picture selection' I'd say.
omg would it b weird to reply now to a facebook message someone sent me 5 months ago....
that's weird I literally thought the same thing this morning! :0
In other news, Boodles is a weird name for a very tasty gin.
Nightclubs look weird during the day
hARRY WAS TRYING TO WINK IM CRYIN HE LOOKS SO WEIRD
haha I wasted so much time I'm so weird
What Happens In Russian Nightclubs Is So Hot But So Weird
They Found A Weird Object Washed Up On The Beach - You'll Never Guess What It Is!
EUR/USD as forecast few minutes ago, BIG DROP apparently $DAX and EUR/USD linked POS correlation AGAIN, very weird..
Damn funny hahha i come in salon with army uniform of cos is cut hair luh! Than what reborn my hair uh? Or dye? Hahahah weird question
Weird That People Like Me. I Still Think Everyone Hates Me.
i feel so weird bc i was drugged down the whole yesterday and i basically lost a day
Such weird dreams
he looks so weird here
I'm walking into wawa and people are looking at me weird
I attract some weird muthafuckas bruh. It's straight through because I fuck with y'all heavy haha
18 Strange Things Everyone Does In Private But Wouldn't Do Publicly. HILARIOUS!
No matter how old you are, to me you're so really weird, freak,mbok
MY LAPTOP IS DOING WEIRD SOUNDS I will have to open it again Don't even know where my screwdrivers are
70% illiteracy among women, 2/3 of population poor, 40% unemployment rate. What a weird definition of
Embrace your weird,find your meta, create value and question your world , Ms Rabana.#dbf2015
this is completly weird...
I'm a pretty boy and I deserve to be draped in avant-garde weird fashion garments
wow that's weird it doesn't usually last that long xx
isnt it weird that you can have friends but also have no friends at the same time
I thought today was going to have to be my first run in winter kit, but it has turned out to be a slightly weird gloves-and-sunglasses day.
- I'm mad you called me a Twitter honey lmao that's so disrespectful, to answer your question, i's cause you fine + wei
Ive never been so in love with a book before its weird to me
then covered our faces in a weird brown sugar paste because we thought it would make our skin look
Thanks for being top engaged members in my community this week (insight by
.. That sounds weird but u get what I mean
..okay, you made it weird.
It's weird not having around anymore. Now I'm the only one actively insulting people
I wake up to this today's gonna be a weird ass day
I been having the same dream for the longest it's so weird
alright so im planning to bring chicken sandwich for me to school tomorrow would that be weird
, u guys are not weird . i wonder if u guys think i am a weirdo or something .
people think im weird. lol who tf cares
if I put the city in a weird spot sorry I suck at geography and also had to make sure the text fit sOrry
the one weird trick?
is it weird that I've never been to Boone hall?
If you don't come see Urinetown Oct. 15-18, and I might attack. It's weird, just ask
he gave her a weird look then asked her mum about it
then covered our faces in a weird brown sugar paste because we thought it would make our skin look good
I dont know what to do somedays so I sit and dream about our furture... Is that weird? #ErrorTrinityBot
the bae. also for some weird reason I keep saying daphne instead of velma LMAO
Weird nightmare
they were covered in garlic butter so yea haha weird texture though! NYC was amazing..got to go to the
Popeye works great as a weird charmingly ugly middle aged man that beats ppl up, not so much as a Mickey-like mascot.
This whole video is weird tbh
i never get sleep bc i stay up late sending weird pictures to my friends who are sleeping
why is selena having such a weird stage
weird cause back home it's 11 ;-;
sounds weird i guess lol
Yeah, there's some weird parts. The part about embracing corporate culture had me do a double-take.
is it weird that I read this in a girls voice
be weird, become a witch, stay crazy, don't give a fuck
It's so weird how our brain is constantly learning, thinking, and involuntarily making our body survive and we're just like c
Weird A** burp: via @YouTube
If only my school played "Strange School" from Persona Q over the speakers regularly. Because we got some weird people there.
. came to the conclusion you'd look really weird if u were actually person sized
you guys are fucking weird..
(I get along well with my husband's ex and her whole family, we co-parent together, etc., but still weird).
HAPPY BIHDAY,2 timer trickster snitchThanks for being so weird my BFF for so many years.Haveaparty in a box day
Weird animal with 'body of buffalo and head of crocodile
Husband Owns His Wife After Getting Caught Cheating
All these pc gamers so super excited to get their hands on a controller is just weird to me :)
Well, tens of thousands of people are downloading the K-Mart tapes, so that's... going to be a weird October.
Once they were there Honey squeezed his hand. "It feels weird... I know... I\'m sorry..." The hand that wasn\'t intertwined--
That the world just goes on living, whether you were there or not. Weird, right? And sorta sad.
I like you but I feel like it would be weird if I told you who I am you should tell me.
i love being in the same timezone as the boys. timezones are honestly so fucking weird like ???
Dk if that was a nightmare or a crazy, funny , weird dream
"Dad, you look kinda weird cause your brain doesn\'t have any hair on it." - Micah, 4
Weird yet still a fun day! @LEENSANITY101
Bruh. I miss my JFS name tho. Selena just seems weird.
Weird convo ahaha
I just remembered a weird conversation I had with her
more of my fam worry n other assholes not that i am worried bout me doin something. so that doesnt sound weird. they did get info here
It's weird thinking that 380 (rounded) people think I'm worthy of following Seriously I'm a dirty-minded YouTube nerd who is the mom of all
I like em weird fashionable
Nothing was more weird than walking into highschool and seeing all these people who are like 7 feet with a beard
Weird asf
oh what the heck why?!?!? Maybe they just haven't sent yours out yet?????? That's weird tho if you're on the waiting list
lmao its so unfair for ppl who cant play soldier game this event is so weird so far like the rankings are still being loaded rn like gtfo
Inlove gd ko ya kay Chuck Bass. Is that weird?
me: sweaty yall: **sweetie me: Excuse me .. I got 10/10 in a spelling test once... for some weird reason autocorrect is f*
it's weird / cool how my teacher my cousin are interacting lolololol
Smh. Smh. I'm not eating no doo doo. You're just fucking weird.
Anyway you missed the one I had with Shannon and VMS earlier. THAT was weird.
He Noticed Something Weird On A Stray Puppy When They Pulled It Out Omg
doesnt feel like it iphones are weird lol
That's weird.. I thought I was already following him. I can't find him now though
Orchard game for Halloween . 'Add' some magic to your cauldrons with some weird and wacky ingredients; rub the...
weird. Working for me. Will try again
Photo: keep-gravityfalls-weird: Literally and actually punched my computer at this moment
I am weird and I embrace it! I'd rather be weird every single day than boring average!!
MATE why am I so excited for BLOPS3. This is totally weird.
Be weird. Be random. Be who you are. Because you never know who would love the person you hide.
Instagram seems too weird fam, with twitter at least you're putting up your thoughts but instagram seems like a virtual
Updated blog for today, at this weird hour
I'm thinking of maybe doing a youtube tag for #AAW ?? not too sure though - as weird as it sounds i don't feel qualified to!
it's weird considering how much to the left you guys are with existing policy (health care, sex work, 1st nations, etc)
: If you want to weird out your team, secretly change Time.timeScale a little for a day.
That's weird...it only had seasons 1-5 when I looked last night. Maybe it was a bit slow!
I enjoy biting Ally. Is that weird?
I have some freaky ass dreams that really weird me out sometimes
She's great for bringing in weird/shite things - . What is this? She had no idea either.
#IdeasParaTodos 10 weird and terrifying medical instruments from the past pic.twitter.c...
is it weird that I consider you the brother that I never had? #septiccomments
A quick look at Jean-Talon Market in Montreal and how this weird mix-bag of French and English characters makes...
My name is Martin ... and my surname is weird as fuck ... that's all
I'm that type of girl who dream of having a Ducati in the future lol weird
Toenails smell weird
YOU'RE ALL WEIRD
that so weird
. asks to quit using "Dream On" for campaign
my cat breathes weird and I feel so bad for him :(
I woke up in a weird mood..
ive got a freaking bandaid on my leg and it looks so weird why must my school have skirts as uniforms
How do I consistently manage to earn the reputation of being the guy who makes something weird or pervy? XD
my dad: "it tastes weird. it tastes like a confused middle east"
if Little Mix havw a Get Weird tour, my baby girls better come either to Toronto or Montreal. (or both. i will go to both) #GetWeirdTour
I am the poor man's Weird Al
Can I just say how we all have that one kid whose weird af in college
Really weird.
but at least you have plenty of avenues to discover what the one weird trick is.
"you and your friends are so weird" me, @tropicnicole,
And suddenly it's weird to sit on a stronger's lap and ask for freedstuff?
tru but you cant even spell WEIRD right
80% sure there is a girl in our class have a weird fetish
I'll have to try that next. I've been trying lots of weird stuff recently trying to calm my eczema! #elevenseshour
Weird how Japan has the longest life expectancy and lowest obesity rate in the developed world but nobody eats vegan, paleo o
Goin to Sheffield to c @911official, feels weird cos I won't c @DeadsetDreamUK. Goin to miss talking to and @
Steve Spurrier retiring, Will Grier suspended, Steve Sarkisian fired. Wow, what a weird day. Sad to see Spurrier go.
One of the things I like about is how human Joe Barrys reactions to everything weird. Like laughing or nerding out.
If true, weird that we've sold him when returning to something like good form
The weird wonderful photos of the week you need to see via
I've come to the conclusion that I ain't got a soulmate I'm too complicated and weird
lmaoooo I'm so weird
There has to be an explanation. Time as a weird axis that we revisit in experience, which itself is an axis?
isnt it grand? i can ruin a great mood in literally seconds with this one weird trick! (accidental front facing camera)
Witty view of the weird world of fashion - Independent Online
Watch the Dead Memories music video. Shit is so weird that means something. Idk what but something lol. Probably one of their best songs.
Witty view of the weird world of fashion - Independent Online #weird #fashion
So weird and horrible sleeping alone
Hmm that's actually really weird.
I review 's book You're Never Weird On The Internet (Almost)
Im a NH baby I just can't date the enemies that shit weird AF #randomthought
The weird thing is that him following isn't in my notifications??
"I just wanna honestly live like Jesus. Not be JesusI could neverI dont want that to come across weird. He...
if I just play my music louder than the weird noises my car makes then does my car even need fixed
So far today has been weird.
Im weird af #throwback #monday #throwbackmonday #s @ Perumnas
like go to a cafe or something, and then we were talking about her last night too, so it's a lil weird that I was gonna have
i act so weird when im sleepy
College students miss ACE but ACE Students now hate it. Weird, right?
Today's weather is really weird... I think it's drunk.. #EMABiggestFans1D
this long break will feel so fucking weird but they really deserve to have a really long break
listen to a few silly melodies, future classics weird beats on my beatmaker profile :
dont u love mograph kids???? we're so weird
and more we saw matt for the first time in that date , then he disappeared to appear again when? december or january ? weird
i got up til ep 3-4 and it's.... getting weird....
I feel something weird lol
that was more weird than I expected it to be...
i always end up in the weird part of youtube
It seems so weird that this is my last week at the pub.
Weird world when the man who pulls your pints can joke about your gym attire
We're they ever teammates? Footballers seem to have a weird habit of showing shagging videos to their mates.
new selfies that I have on my kindle are weird
"I just wanna sip on wine with oomf, some weed together and be weird like restarted children....but gwababa"
Looking at the trend list on Facebook is always a bit weird. It's like glimpsing back at what was happening on here 3 days before.
Weird twitters fav sex position '69' rotates both sets of new media aesthetics.' somehow the new food replacement, soylent.
From a couple of days ago but I just love stationary and supply shopping! Is that weird? Haha
baby i miss you way more feels weird not having u this year
An earlier tweet I've seen about Howard Dean blown out of an election because of a weird scream and Donald Trump has made me think
Weird new Japanese website lets you flick a cute girls forehead to your hearts\xffcontent
God there are some weird people about
LITTLE MIX to bring Get Weird tour to Australia in May 2016.
Oh wow yeah definitely. The spiderman movie franchise did seem a weird one over all for Rami.
What is the best word to describe science exam today? Weird. Istg that it was all logic but I'm still scared cause my logic in sc is crap.
If you don't count how many hours sleep you will get before bed then you're weird
These 15 People Show Us How To Be Amazingly Cool Any Day And Weird
Why Da fuck unfollow you and I couldn't Follow you Back again weird ?
"Christian you have.. Weird Emails. I didn\'t know how to respond to them so I didn\'t." -Mrs.Ramm
Enjoyed it a lot, the horn was weird but
the way u respond so weird that's ur opinion and i don't need ur opinion
So weird hearing a recording of your own voice. It's unrecognizable
People I meet on Twitter in RL always go into a weird mode lmao. Like shit sorry if I disappointed you don't be scared
its weird that TOP's ideal type fits jiyong perfectly
Bigg Boss 9: Arvind Vegda's GIF is as weird as the BB 9 contestant himself! - #News
lady_bimpe: 50 Weird But Amazing Facts You Should Know [MUST READ] >;>;>; via ForTheGist #fullgist
#sciencefiction Back To The Future Part 2: Universals weird new hoverboard ad via @scifi365
We won't judge you or call you weird for talking to yourself #GiveTwitterASlogan
maybe he has synesthesia...or maybe he's just a bit weird, as most kids are.
we were so weird then tbh were still that weird or even weirder now #thisisus #cantchange #nevergonna
WATCH - Unusual things South Carolina flooding left behind
My weird faces seem to spreading all over the internet lately...
I'd rather be weird than normal
Stuck in this weird limbo right now I don't like it man.
I FEEL WEIRD
Think of Liam, poor babe\'s never gonna wash his mouth again "Grandad y u eat so weird" "because Louis kissed those lips"
Water is super weird in weightlessness
"I like the person who appreciate my weird personality."
I had a weird idea of a website that's like gofundme but for countries Oh shit, Greece is in the middle of a financial c
why are you naked with your socks on that's weird.
"White people dance weird at parties" just proved you haters wrong
I liked a video Weird Conversations Siblings Have
it's new and weird! I don't like it!
What a weird people
sounds weird
" Those kind of relationships where you can be weird together >;>;" Aww &lt;3
I meant no but yea in a weird way
Why are easy to talk to... damn it i feel weird
These Americans in my seminar make me cry with their weird banter
being a senior is a weird feeling
that's weird/hurtful
'ears are so flexible innit and there a bone in there weird, innit' - bobby lenoard butler
Working before sunrise is such a weird experience. Like, is it morning? Is it night? What's going on here?
Fayemi enters with swagger..
English is weird
it feels weird to know that society really is changing when it comes to acceptance
gawd that did nothing for me at all. Purely weird
So weird when people think your oblivious to things I'm not stupid I just don't say anything
10 Brands Who Got Weird to Achieve Their Marketing Goals
Could be... A weird strategy though. 16GB will let you do about 1.5 seconds of its 4K recording before it's game over
Wen you see cute weird relationships in school.
I don't remember how my mom says your name. Prob some weird way
"I hope when I have children they turn out normal and not weird like me." #CoyBot
OMG! How Do These People Even Exist?!
Hate buses cause there always some weird ass bugs in them
Man's poopy shorts lead to arrest after DNA fingers him
its weird that always streams better on Firefox than Safari , safari always takes longer
this is weird, I'm unbomfortable
This is weird for the first time im not that nervous
Is it weird that I want pumpkin spiced muffins right now
weird scoreline
It was so weird sleeping alone when I been around my friends for two days straight
What happened last night cuz I feel fucking weird asf?! omg.
So weird how much things can change in just a few months
is it weird that i just want to smell mx esp wonho and jooheon
So weird not havin false and they're 100000x more fugly
What a weird answer
"You have to cut out the weird sex stuff." A request only a sister could make! #ThisLifeCBC
I'm not weird, I'm limited edition....
I love a long text message, it makes me feel like you actually do want to talk to me.
okay found it: also weird that Gould repeats that old furphy about positive attitude and ca survival
girl is weird. Why did she unfollow Hyo and followed every UR contestants
i don't know very weird!
its weird to think people who are 6ft are only 6 subways long
It's almost weird childish.
but its kinda weird...
ahs is so weird but so good
Ugh! That social napalm? Do what you want, man. I got better things to do than wax weird with Beach City's biggest bozo, Ronaldo.
I already knew that... DONT LOOK YOU STUPID but you are weird too so...
but I was like like straight yellow might look weird
Banting seems so weird
Fells so weird not having my glasses
He Finds A Weird String In His Attic Wall. When He Pulls It? This Is Incredible...
It's so weird when you have a dream about you dreaming
when i skip songs in my queue it goes weird, it goes through all the previous songs in blips before going to the song i want..
It's gonna be weird going to school and seeing everyone in normal clothes
Jk is so weird. I love him.
yeah it's weird they don't I watch Lucha underground on it
This eye-patch is weird.. #Bot
weird when people are sooo obsessed with their best friend like in love with them
CHECK OUY MY PRO COOKIN SKILLS! And just watch cuz I'm funny as FUCK JK I'm just weird as fuck
I'm weird cause' i hate Goodbyes ~
Dad pretends son is blown up in gut-churning prank but has he gone too far? Hay formas mas baratas de divorciarse...
Kno when ur angry but u have 2 pee so u gotta calm urself down bc the pee pressure is too high when u mad and it weird. Idk.
#HarryPotter 11 weird ways fan fiction writers completely reinvent the 'Harry Potter' universe via @techinsider
It's weird that when you go to sleep you control nothing
all of them r weird
harrys ig is so weird
" you\'re weird Miho... but I\'m weird too..." #TOMIHOLoveConquersAll
Gdocs is weird sometimes. I just found something that I deleted months ago :)
Who comes up with this weird art
My dream was crazy had people in it I ain't seen in years..weird scenes n stuff
TheSORSESwithin.... sounds weird
10 Totally Weird Sex Facts
I had such a weird dream....
It's Warlocktober fest! An update! Screenshots! The Season of the Warlock!
No. It's weird.
"Nobody wants cotton/poly blend hoodies in weird colours." A commenter on the Fallout lootcrate hoodie. Y\'know, in that weird colour blue.
I heard some weird sounds earlier then some crashing but when I checked the kitchen and bathroom, nothing....wtf....creepy
My twitter is full off ads and weird things
well lets see. The concept is so unique and i kinda like those kind of creepy-weird concept tbh. You said him handsum??
isn't it weird how it only takes one person to completely crush your self image self worth
its kinda weird when you're not go to school and the next day your friend just ignore you ..
You're getting weird, leave the girl alone.
has a weird habit of interviewing objects that dont respond such as a cat and a big bow
#News Dad pretends toddler son is blown up in gut-churning prank but has he gone a step too
You're so weird
pats you. weird is fine
It's a bit weird the recovered #mh17 parts are being used as a set. We're banned from taking photos during pres
Well that was a weird dream
McDonalds takes weird to a whole new level. Weird level #Samurai #SMH
weird default twitter crop + fast scrolling
"We almost dated" is such a weird relationship to have with someone
Woke up and paid a bill at 2am... Weird night...
I knew a guy once. Loopy.... Loki? He was weird.
This trend of mom and dad replies to celebrities tweets is weird af, am I getting old?
-murders/freaky weird stuff that usually happens in the show and idk I just hope that the sex stuff has a purpose in creating proper-
I updated my phone and the font is so weird
If you're in college and you're dating a girl in HS that's not a senior that's so weird lmao
people arent staring at me weird yet
Lol it's so weird to miss okada
you're 18 it's weird and confusing me
only tried soy and it made me feel dead weird. You gonna go vegan then?!
I long for a post apocalyptic world where I can finally ride my mechanical spider without getting weird looks
LOL sorry...just lean forward, let the ample bosom mop up ;) Mind you could end up tweeting some weird stuff.
Steven and Sam together makes me so happy it makes my spiritual animal alive k thats weird bye have a good day @itsSamCollins
it's weird becoming bestfriends with somebody you used to hate it's even weirder losing touch with people u thought woul
My mood suddenly took a turn from ok to I don't know what the fuck I am right now, it's so weird.
Today I am tweeting about my weird symptoms and experiences of advanced undiagnosed #coeliac and #B12d. You're welcome.
It's weird being by myself in the morning
I'm not weird I'm just miss understood :)
Pull Your Ex Back: This free presentation reveals 2 really weird ways to get your ex back.
I had these really weird nightmares last night that a company was uploading videos to my YouTube channel
i wasnt even sad, i just got flooded with emotions lmao it was weird
sometimes i feel like im a lil weird
what's so weird lmao is that I had a dream of making lauren and camila both jealous to get them togethe
mhm... This is weird...
#FlawedGodsSeries-for those who would like to explain our weird behaviour, love our myths, adore fearless dragons who shape-change...
Lots of bugs too - speaker not working at times, weird phone call shit and apps crashing. #Conspiracy
that's so weird that we are almost in the same timezone you're just one hour behind haha
Did a bit coding yesterday and it felt..weird seems like my days for that are over.
I never set out to be weird. It was always other people who called me weird. Frank Zappa
I haven't met anyone that is born in the afternoon yet. Is that weird????
Yes. Very weird. It used to be "Native". Then the mongtards changed it to "masterful"
weird I don't see it...let me look on my page.....
- no such a super duper weird request from you. Alright? Deal." Raised his index finger as a sign of the deal.
happy birthday to my girl thanks for being weird with me and always making me smileceram hand>;
get weird will be my fav album I feel it -- {
Photo: Be crazy. Be stupid. Be silly. Be weird. Be whatever. Because kufe is too short to be anything but...
Be crazy. Be stupid. Be silly. Be weird. Be whatever. Because kufe is too
Halloween is a good time because my love of weird and creepy Eastern European Freudian horror films
it would be weird if I just went out right??? bc I've been in my room this whole time
dokomi is going to be weird
It would be too weird.
wow winter is a weird word
Birthdays are weird
feels mad weird to go to school on time..
Not over London Cocktail Week? Try London's weird wonderful cocktails all year long
This is so weird
#KCA #VoteJKT48ID LaurmilaJergi: JaureguisLuxury what's so weird lmao is that I had a dream of making lauren and camila both jealous to get
it is a bit weird I agree. I know mine cant handle a lot, but why complain about the game when its the system that's the problem?
this is a whole new level of stress it can do some damn weird things to ya man &lt;&lt;
Monster from the deep? Fisherman catches weird-looking creature from the sea
"You know that weird part of YouTube? I feel like Tay Zonday is the gate keeper to it." - Harley, from Epic Meal Time. #CambianBot
Just watched My new hypno clip for Station 1: Obedience. All the way through with earphones. Is it weird that I want t
5 Weird Hygiene Tips For Anal
Shit really make you not wanna be in a relationship , niggas is weird
you're acting so weird here, I'm cackling
Is it weird that I still watch on the Fox 25 website, even though I live in South Florida now?
my top lip in this photo is weird
its still stange to me that im able to communicate with my favorite artist. well within reason, but still so weird
Dating is so weird
@schwarzenegger(@jackslater(6)"k weird visual #sac comd tour. can really(loop) #knowHow2Drive(loop)?" danny"trust me &lt;starts car>;"
Here's a preview of the weird and wacky cars that will be on show at the Tokyo Motor Show -
I can't wait to graduate and get tf away from these weird ass ppl
Couples Who Broke Up On Facebook
what's so weird lmao is that I had a dream of making lauren and camila both jealous to get them together! Lol
Weird baseball stat..the #Cubs have never won a playoff series at home in their 110 yrs of baseball #Cardinals
the weird thing is i dont remember them saying not to record video at the still alive concert a few years ago ??? so its ??? what
Isn\'t it weird that specific terrorists groups claim certain attacks like "was this suicide bomber isis?" and isis is like "
Refused a UK visa for weird reasons. Hoping to get a response from the High Commission.
companies's twitters are so weird
Weird, because he's doing it for him.
I got kicked out of Bullingdon for being "too rich". Weird.
Sneezes are weird aren't they
#GreeceLovesLittleMix Please girls come to Greece.I can\'t wait until "Get Weird"comes out.We love and support you #BestBandEver
Ahhh life ... Your weird ways ... feeling heartbroken at Usha Kiran
Waking out of your sleep twice cuz of a weird dream &lt;&lt;&lt;
WTF?i was in the bus with the Spotify app listening to Justin B. And then...FIREWORK came on :-\\Iwas like NO PLEASE\rThat was fucking weird
what the fuck thats weird even for nico
When your white friend says some weird dumbass shit and you gotta control them
no!...masterful to me says?....better than fluent!.thats weird!
and i love sally even though she was a minor character my heart goes out to her cuz her boyfriend does weird magic tricks in public
omds dont @ me u weird Scandinavian kid
Listening to the Aquabats is so weird rn because I met them all wtf
I'm at that weird phase in life where some people think I'm 16, and some people think I'm 17
This software engineer job is too weird to be real right?
This same weird girl always sits near me in the morning
It's weird to feel like you miss someone you're not even sure you know. - David Foster Wallance, Infinite Jest
it's all about the pentiums by weird al yankovic
Mother In-law thinks Kane looks weird, and asked if he's a wrestler. #RAW
Idk I should happy or what since it sounds weird but thanks a lot sunbae! We will work hard!
my imagination is so weird
#NowPlaying Blind Guardian - Weird Dreams :: Tune In:
today's like a Monday and a Friday in one and Its kinda weird
Margaret saying that it's really weird, and asking how old his brother is
Weight-lifting gran proves life begins at 50 #fitness #workout #crossfit
I love watching S #letsplay which is weird since I suck at S games. Maybe I just like to vicariously be good at commanding.
Hmmm, little weird
I mean I like to watch a lot of movies, I rewatched a lot too but those few weird ones are my weird babies. I don't care if they
Stop Making Duck Faces, There's a New Weird Selfie Trend #selfie #smizing
He Finds A Weird String In His Attic Wall. When He Pulls ...
Is it me or is it weird how Ebola just disappeared. Like no one is reporting on it anymore. Is anyone even effected by it now?
its hurt???!! soowwryy~ /caress ur arm, /argghhh what happened with me thats so creepy! /weird dance/
is it weird that I can remember every lyric of a baby show theme song and can't remember what I learn everyday at school
hahahaa weird giler
its so weird being at a place where you know noone
Back to weird ass dreams.
I forget that older people go to uni, its always so weird seeing them
Wtf that was weird
isn't it so weird how the person we like can do the most ugly and gross things ever but we still think they're super fuck
Feels dead weird saying im not gonna see them for 11 days when usually it's like every 3 days or something lols die i cant handle this
Something invoked that dream, weird shit man. I hope i forget it even happened.
and girls don't feel weird about that? I'd feel somehow a female doctor checking my testes..
How to make coffee without a coffeemaker
I want to like @GUBLERNATION, but he has a weird following of teen girls that call him Daddy, I don't want to get mistaken for one of them
What Happens In Russian Nightclubs Is So Hot But So Weird - frostyfeed
Crazy weird banana bunches #banana #bangkok #Thailand #sisters #travel
Fuck some weird movies on sky tonight. Barb wire. Friday 13th. Texas chainsaw etc.. Switches TV off lmao
Really fucking weird how things turn out
I had a weird dream that I became a dog...
#Playboy without the nudity is just weird.
Isn't it so weird how the person we like can do the most ugly and gross things ever but we still think they're super fucking attractive.
- while. "Just Kieran." He feel that it\'s useless and weird to let the other know about his real name. Kieran heaved a -
MY STOMACH IS MAKING WEIRD NOISES
OK *throws pumpkin to other side of the world*
I feel so weird wearing a tshirt jeans and nikes to school omg
I had a weird idea of a website that's like gofundme but for countries Oh shit, Greece is in the middle of a financial crisis! Plz donate!
Omg tile in Ruber's classroom .. Weird lol
these lil girls weird yo
I didn't even sleep until like 12:15 because weird stress related things that I'm pretty sure I hallucinated in the first place Zeus why
i really have a weird taste in music
Weird ass dream
would it be weird if i asked seulgi and krystal to glare at me at the same time???? i just want to know what it feels like
Would it be weird to ask for a good luck tweet for tomorrow's exam? huhuhu okay it's like nicco manalo all over again lol #fangirling
youre gonna really block me for posting this weird lady?
Im always weird to people
I'm acting weird again hays
It's weird man..... Those stupid Jews keep on bumping into innocent arabs knives.... most of the time repeatedly.
Girls are weird
Texting my bro without having any real purpose is weird af
haylor is dead buy get weird on iTunes
Gm y'all thank god for waken me up ...2 song has been in my spirit for a minute n I Dont noe y it kinda weird...
I\'d rather do something that\'s considered "weird" that makes me happy instead of being boring and sad like the rest of you
Japan got Brock, Misty, Surge, Erika, Sabrina and Blaine theme decks I know for sure. Would be weird just to make ones for only 6 of them.
So, LESS nudity equals MORE subscribers? Huh, we live in weird times...
These days it's weird for me to have 4 doctor appointments in a week, 3 years ago i was under medical supervisi
Kinda want to be something cute for Halloween, kinda want to be the pumpkin head dude and dance around weird
that's what they see in the camera, instead of what we see in real life. Also that's a weird caption
Weird seeing who you was close with 3/4 years ago on timehop
LiFe iS GeTTiNG SoSoso WEiRD
It's so unbelievably cheesy but despite thinking I was in love before, now I realize I wasn't. This is so weird and ahh.
would it be weird if i asked seulgi and krystal to glare at me at the same time???? i just want to know what it feels like to burn alive
think I missed the bus which is weird cause I was outside earlier than usual ...
please dont think im weird XDD
#DailyQuestion The Blues Brothers, Sixteen Candles, Gone With the Wind, Weird Science, Any 007 with Sean Connery
he's just weird with cons
Why is it will and testament?
The Mara sisters have this weird airless quality about them.
shit is weird man
We are weird together and that is perfect, #HTers #HashTags #amazing #cool #coolest #eye
ikr it's fucking weird
I b feelin sum type of way wanting a man more than he shows me so opening up imf to u isnt the same as it use to b w/o me feeling weird.
its weird looking back at high school and how much changed in these 2 years
like yeah.. me too its not weird to see kiko is not interested in marriage, I mean I doubt that she's also a bi
weird cause the exchange students in my school use Softbank\'s prepaid cards but today they told me "No we don\'t do this"
Weird iPhone podcast bug. A random missing episode of (conjoined twins) not in my feed but in search?
Retweeted TED (@Laughbook): kinda weird that u can think about someone as much as u want and they have no idea
People here are weird af.
4 Strategies for Networking With Your Friends (Without Making it Weird) via @thelesliemoser
Do you think it's weird that #pharmacist registration decisions now commonly make the news?
7 Weird Things Guys Do In The Bathroom
welp. This really happened it wasn't a weird dream
call me weird, but I think their noses are the cutest things ever #s'cute (Vine by d\x82j\x85dolan)
proper weird like she called him 'Fat and wouldn't dare' last week? Must of been their kiss
Family Keeps Vigil Over Daughter In Coma, But One Look At Her Teeth Changed Everything.
Nigeria is a weird country abeg. Nigerian politics is the weirdest shit ever.
I'd rather be weird than to be a replica of someone else
"You\'re weird."
Seems weird going Birmingham but not going
you're so weird mate
Friendship is so weird... you just pick a human you've met and youre like yup I like this one and you just do stuff with them.#bullshit
Last night I got to DJ before the legend that is @kingpmoney, what a gent!
I think I legit slept on a water bottle and now my back is weird
Embrace the weird
Forget the Funky Gibbon: how musical comedy went from square to hip
Think back of the weird dream i had last night, and it gave me goosebumps.
S.W.A.G = Secretly Weird And Gay
is it weird how I thought of Cath and Levi when I read this @addtheline_
My thumbs have gone weird
It\'s "weird, right?" Scioon features.....wait for it......FM radio -
way off and fuck yourself you weird little dickhead
Um, this is a little bit weird. Killary defending #Israel?? Did Spielberg just write her a fat check, or something?
weird? why? mine is pretty good!
Oh dear. What a weird mixed up message that is. Because prettiness is the ultimate goal? :-(((
I'm going to get so many weird looks #boonehc15
weird: \'Bushman\' Survives In Oz Desert By Eating Ants: The 62-year-old\'s "fantastic survival skills" are prais...
I LOOK SO WEIRD
ALDO: Passionate Jurgen Klopp can bring an exciting new chapter to #LFC history
nd suddenly it's weird to sit on a stranger's lap and ask fyr free stuff?
Awthing is changing so fast it's weird
Isn't it weird how when a cop drives by ytu feel paranoid instead of protrcted.
When I see everyone getting Get Weird Tour dates but not my country #GetWeirdTour
There is always that one weird kid in class by Lance Stewart Copie: via @YouTube
Last night I dreamed that I was accidentally delivered @Abner_Lucille's mail. Dreams are weird, man.
THERE ARE THESE WEIRD KIDS NEXT TO ME WITH RUSTY WEAPONS
WHAT IS THAT VID ITS SO WEIRD I DONT GET THE SONG
The naked female body is treated so weird in society. Its like pple are constantly begging to see it, but once they do, som
Chuckled. "Please, just call me White. You acted really weird before, Calem-san. You can tell me if you have any--
I talked to him for the first time in 6 years a few months ago and it was weird. I thought I wold be more angry at him
life is weird, life is really fuckin weird
These days it's weird for me to have 4 doctor appointments in a week, 3 years ago i was under medical supervision 24/7 Times change, huh?
eye contacts are weird ofc but the only good part about them is when you catch a hot guy looking at you.
What's weird is that this statement is controversial. Most ppl are very ignorant about islam
Just be yourself. Let people see the real, imperfect, flawed, quirky, weird, beautiful, magical
Weird that they let the Jays play two more games after a lot of you said the series was over.
isn't it weird ?
I'm in a weird mood like I'm not happy but I'm also not sad
I dunno. This year has been weird. So it's also quite possible that everything is an anomaly and not a trend.
Weird me
So many worlds on this one planet like everyone is their own world and we're the universe..that's that weird stuff I know, shhh just love it
what's weird is that i have not experienced this low temperature in years but im not cold
Weird to think this was just after 9/11
he's nothing but weird now man. all he does is try to sext me and talk about his fitted flat bills
More weird dogs
conversations in sn class group always weird but u cant help but laughing while reading their conversations
I liked a video from How Not To Batman - Games Are Weird 158
True Detective, The Twilight Zone, The Case-Book of Sherlock Holmes, Dexter, Black Mirror, So Weird, Hannibal, Utopia@Aradhsam
Klopp took his first #LFC training session today and here's what happened:
#BURNLEY - Weight-lifting gran proves life begins at 50 #Lancs
I'm that friendly girl but weird.
I hate to be that guy who cuffs their pants at every chance they get but my chelsea boots won't give me a break they look weird otherwise
All my bestfriendships are always mad weird and I couldn't be more grateful
7 Weird Facts About Your Balls,,,,.....
Jords gone on hol n im sat watching walking dead in his room :s is this weird :s should I go home?
so ,,, am i meeting a weird old man on saturday
Y\'all so weird on here " 20 minutes into produce and chill
congratulations, i'm going to tweet everything you say and add to my ever growing repertoire of weird tweets
OH MY GOD WHY ARE THEY SO WEIRD
Happy Birthday
Weird Selfies That Will Make You Cringe
Feels weird not being with the paternals for awal muharram
Im not scared. (Im talking to the weird dream I just had)
I'm in a weird mood
#News Star Wars fans ditch first dance tradition at their wedding and have a LIGHTSABER
Spelling my name with a K really trips these kids out. Weird
How does dye change yr hair colour? will explain life's weird science Oct 24
So, I've never slid into anyone's DM. Is that weird? Am I doing this Twitter thing wrong?
Watching his fingers move up and down the frets was doing something weird to her insides #rock #kin
I love my design, but its kinda weird when Japanese UTAU sees it :/
I think days off start off feeling good, then later, it is just weird. #ILikeToRun But - Rest is as important as working hard
Please help support Get Weird, add a #Twibbon now!
So weird that I'm actually IDing people now instead of being the one getting ID'd
lol I wish i wasn't super shy / weird / scared of like everyone XD
The Pacu fish has human-like teeth! #weird
Managed to narrowly escape sitting with the weird guy who kept introducing himself to everyone in the Megabus line.
It's so weird thinking back to when you first met someone that moment you had no idea they would have such a big impact on you.
Guess I'm just weird lol
Craving Coke Zero and I never even drink Coke weiRD
Banned! - 'Low' by Foo Fighters. Watch Dave Grohl and Jack Black get weird...
I've been downing cough syrup since yesterday now I feel weird asf
Watching his fingers move up and down the frets was doing something weird to her insides #rock #kindle #asmsg
Look at this weird dog
Their Weird Genetic Mutation Made These 15 Animals So Unique
This is weird - Deadly Premonition P1: via @YouTube
Man Finds A Weird String In His Attic Wall. When He Pulls It? This Is Incredible!
Love you so so much, thanks for putting up with all the weird You are the perfect little.
Why was the first guy I was attracted to into weird sex games? #Erotica #Romance via @TarenOcoda
there have been several unidentifiable and unpleasant smells so far today and ive only been outside for 15 minutes it's gonna be a weird day
Weird girls make the best girlfriends
Haven't blogged in 7 months. This feels weird.. @FemaleBlogger
i don't get it. i never had that before, really weird.
such a great tune. It's the soundtrack to Vanilla Sky, a great collection of songs from a very weird film.
This was just a harmless, weird kink u were exploring. Now look at yourself... literally training your dick to be limp
Off to #Breda, #Amsterdam #Eindhoven to talk to rooms of strangers about what I do. Its a weird thing to do really, if you think about it.
Looking at all my old Instagram photos and it's weird how I remember exactly how that moment in my life was like
Scorching Squirting lactation... #adult #free #milf #mom #mother #porn #squirting #video #XXX
Hmmm issue only appears to be Safari related... weird.... turning off all extensions did not help
So weird how did he know my answer????!?
weird glitch on black ops 2: via @YouTube
I've slipped back into a weird sleeping pattern that leaves me exhausted.
16 Times When People Proved Tumblr Is A Weird Social Site
The Thirstiest Girls On Tinder!
I liked a video from Love Weird Foods? CHEAT DAY Teaser!
'The LEGO Movie' will get a weird half-sequel before it gets a real sequel: Rob Schrab, the writer/director of...
Had a very weird dream and now I can't remember anything about it
"Bigg Boss 9: Arvind Vegda\'s GIF is as weird as the BB 9 contestant himself! -
"We almost dated" is such a weird relationship to have with someone.
Is it weird I like to drive through neighborhoods with big houses and think "one day"...
*indead* English. My words may be a weird choice but at least I can spell them
I had a weird dream about oomf
My eyes look really red and weird help
Weird Noises Woke Up This Neighborhood. When They Peeked Outside, They Were Shocked!
(Wtf is Poza?) I have no clue is it one of those randomly generated word then then that other weird one? (Yup)
she must have a list if your followers or something. It's mad/weird. And deeply insulting
I some times have these weird ass dreams where I find myself eating Zayn's ass out
Some ppl are just weird....
y has my hair faded into this weird colour
The yellow caterpillar is weird... #indiedev #gameart
50 Weird But Amazing Facts You Should Know [MUST READ] >;>;>; via @ForTheGist
niall is acting so weird on Twitter lately is he ok :( is he sad :(
The weird thing: most of my German friends are *not* married. Wonder how that map will look like in a decade or two.
it's so weird that like...... I flew across the country to see Taylor perform. Who am I.
Having stitches inside your mouth is a weird Asf feeling
"I love the person who appreciate me, even if I have a weird personality."
its weird to hear longest ever, but well for me the most annoying part, is to get off to the plane...... hate it
my dog was having such a weird dream that he fell out of the bed omg he is so stupid i love him so much
nothing its just a weird promise I made
My manger weird like don't call me in for work
going home feeling weird and out of touch lol
I really didn't expect to feel like this about anyone. It's not what I planned to happen and it's weird
The weird state of FIFA World Rankings summed up right here.
Walking around UP in a Pisay uniform is such a weird experience :)) but super fun when you meet with everyone else hihi #ILoveABMShit
I thought my mom needed 3.5 lbs of parsley which I thought was weird but she only needed 3.5 tsp but I already bought the 3.5 lbs #oops
I tried it just is weird and always gives me the wrong answer:( I'm just gonna go to the library to see if they have one
These 16 Images Of People With Allergies Are So Weird And Hilarious
This fucking ahs show is fucking weird man
That's some weird shit
Sometimes I like to hear of my kittens little paws, coz I'm weird! I think they like it coz they
Life is weird.
LIKE ELLIE IS SO FUNNY FOR WHAT SHE SAYS BUT JENNA IS ON SOME WEIRD SHIT ALL THE TIME AFAFD
weird to think that i have been living in penryn for a month
He was too weird for me
my weird little boy
Another part of the dream was me singing "Candle in the Wind" at a wedding reception. My subconscious is hella weird.
Do u no just think it's soooo weird when burds pure think they're Effy fae Skins because they pop an eccie n drink Gle
Y'ALL DOES THIS LOOK WEIRD
Is it weird that your crush's crush just asked you if you still like him?
Now that I think about it I've also recently tried bacon and salad for the first time ever i'm doing so much new stuff to not be so weird
Wtf this dream bad dream and it is weird
Yep. It's such a basic pleasure to me. And I wouldn't ever suggest it's a gender thing. That, again, seems a weird assertion.
Someone you can be weird with>;
I'm sorry, but that is weird
This thread has turned into a weird RP
Yeah I feel it, would do the same but bit weird to do it at college
hate people who try so hard to be different/weird like damn if you basic then you just basic
Do you ever just find random instagram accounts and then realize the people live in your area but you don't know them ugh it's so weird srry
UGH MY THROAT fEELS WEIRD AND I FEEL LIKE IM GONNA THROW UP
Aj discussing Uganda weird movies LOL!!!!
My dream weird lol
weird mn tung asylum!!! Abot alien2 HAHAHAHHAA
Is it weird that my entire dream last night was just me voting in the presidential election?
Saw something weird at Venus Gate Lord.. [Husky R: @GregKing87
S I used to work in the building he leapt from. That was weird.
Waking up without a text from you feels weird.
thanks for tagging me sweetheart @saturdaystump. THIS WEIRD selfie I took today sorry
What about my weird dreams at these days
im so fucked i have 3 assignments to finish this week (but after that i only have 2 essays due during the exam period? uni's weird)
Had a weird dream that I couldn't find my car. But was driving my car in the dream while trying to find it.
It's weird how you can go to sleep with your skin looking amazing, and you wake up the next morning and it looks terrible
wtf I'm so weird
weird feelings
that's a weird food fave of #ALDUBStayWithMe
I do weird poses in the couch when I'm bored or when I'm talking to the people I like like rn
weird but unconfirmed why depa even consider letak benda tu in the first place.
Apologies for lack of WIPs! Technology failing everywhere, need to fix that first! Mouse is all weird and with 3d, that's unacceptable!
weird coincidence, "meh" is also how Iowa is rated on yelp
this is so weird , either jaclyns dms are open to everyone or I just have an open dm idk but
In #ESO I've been having a weird amount of fun farming nirncrux and dwemer delves for motifs. What happened to me?! I'm a farmer! D:
I had beer popcorn at the movies and now I'm crazy tired. So weird
I just got this weird feeling of satisfaction as if I convinced my mom to let me stay home from school
hahahaha does it I'm most probably am thanks that's weird when it does that. xxxxxxxx
Not being weird is the new weird.
i think thats a good thing but like its weird bc everyone i knew told me i was so happy w/ them but im just...i feel nothing abt it lmao
you're so weird
REMEMBER THAT WEIRD LADY COCO IN ZOEY 101 WHO ALWAYS CRIED OVER HER EX BOYFRIEND AND ATE RAVIOLI OUT OF THE CAN
People with awkward and weird personalities tend to make the best friends.
#news Hunter Lost in Australian Outback Survived by Eating Ants: Reg Foggerdy, 62, was camel hunting in... #weird
Understanding The Weird Anatomy Of An Octopus:
My crazy dream woke me up and I'm in need of a dream analyst. Things were getting weird.
as it happens, agree with you. it's weird how some people are just totally oblivious to that, though. @frenchfries1970
Feels weird being "legal"
It felt so weird not fighting traffic to get to work this morning
Feels weird sleepin in my bed
We don't mean to be cryptic or mysterious, I just think lyrics that are different and weird paint a nice picture. That'
I love backs, I got a weird thing for the way the spine looks on backs lol
I'm entering into a weird manic phase where all I want is to start fifteen small businesses in the hopes that one of them makes money.
Feel weird not being at college, but it's brilliant
adonbelivit. we are a weird group of people sha, so if we think price will come down, why are we rushing to buy now?
Weird dreams last night
it's just really weird. Mum dad and I all have it. No idea how we caught it. Apparently it's doing the rounds tho
you look famous let's be friends and portray we can say something important
cute! Why similar rabbit and cat?
stop with your weird fantasies dude. Practice with your dog.
What kind of weird coincidence is it that the power would go out briefly after I got my UPS setup? O.o
weird funny
Click this link and dislike the video because my friend is weird so dislike it
All of my lecturers are so dirty minded...#weird
My computer says HTTP 404 not found. Weird.
"EVERYONE POINT TO THE SKY BC THAT\'S PROBS WHERE OUR SCRUPLES ARE" ya my batch is hella weird
Yeah whoever this bitch is weird omm definitely getting punched on i have no rap weird ass
e-mailing teachers on a regular basis will never not be weird :(
Weird dreams as of late
-it\'s kind of weird feeling that more and more govt agencies are going against "your group"
Weird issue with malware.
seeing the potential current and past one being about less than 20m away from one another feels rather weird tbh
Amazon Claims This $6 Bathing Suit Looks Sexy On Everyone
weird in a good way
I've done some weird things in my time but walking around head to toe covered in egg whites is up there with the stupidest.
..just do whatever, be weird, and it's OK. #ArtDaily #SelfPortrait #Gesture #Poetry
Weird thing I noticed about my shelf - with the exception of WoT and Kit Kerr's stuff, it's almost all pre-1990 or post-1999.
It's weird that I don't even care about missing Chris's concert
i feel so weird i dont know what to do with this new information
What do you think when you look in the mirror? "I look weird" "umm...." "I look fat" "wish I had small boobs" etc
and why 'dye the multitudinous seas incarnadine/Making the green one red'? Second line is A-S tautology of Latin
morning mingyu! I just woke up, but your probably heading to bed soon. Timezones are weird, huh. But I hope you have a good sleep
how do you have more weird Japanese shit than me?! Also going to get them in abit. Still cool with the skinny 32s?
weird shit, man
y ur askers all so weird? what's new
Minsan ang weird ng taste ko when it comes to choosing people.
Don't worry about being weird or different, #Cancer don't see anything wrong with that.
Wow okee I just got flirted with. That was weird
Starting the day after weird dreams about LinkedIn and your ex boyfriend &lt; #collegelife
i love wearing sandals, i just hate when weird boys be talking about i have "nice toes" boy byeeeeeeee
yeah you got that right, seems like such a weird fucked up system
omg that's so weird I was going to send that to you but I just though naaaaaa
All of my real life friends are starting to tell me how they like twenty one pilots. This is so weird.
Either there's something weird in my vimto making me cough or I'm getting a cold... I'd prefer it to be the former.
FUCK THIS WAS ME SHE WAS LEAVING AND I WAS LIKE SEE YOU ONLINE AND THEN SHE DID A WEIRD DANCE RIP
Isn't it weird how we have an endless mind conversation with ourselves.
my mom dumb weird, dumb nutty, dumb ugly, dumb petty! not on her type time
@Snapchat Heey! Question alarm (: My snapchat is still not updated ? I have the samsung galxy s5 ?.. Help me I need the weird faces
its my weird ass child who gets up in the middle of the night too sleep on the floor
is it weird they havent taught me anything relevant ..........
now that he had a surgery to be wonwoo, he's crazy and high and weird af, and very corrupted.
I liked it up to the point he was in that weird 4D cubey bookcase thing
Who's this weird lady
aww thank you!! And yes! Omfg its weird how one person that I have never met before in my life can chan
Perhaps awkward, yes. Not particularly weird. Suggesting sexual attraction? Not really the way Tom inquired.
Watching my brother leave for high school is so weird. Like stop growing up.
Removed Photo Series Shows How We Actually Look When We Obsess With Smartphone Have you ever considered how weird we look when we constan
Weird to think how different life was a year ago...
Wearing a bookbag feels so weird
Had to buy a weird hippy superfood thing for lunch, not my style, yum tho
Loving this new series 800 words:) BUT OffSpring is still the best for me coz it's weird funny like me haha #OTWOLReunited
Weird I have been trying to understand whats to be achieved other than pissing off ppl, waste of time for all
Today is weird
SHTT THAT WEIRD DREAMM
Jack why did you call yourself Jacksepticeye? Also if your real fav colour is green then that is weird Bec I like green to?
"It\'s weird hearing you say that... You sound like Ryuzaki" NOBODY SOUNDS LIKE HIM HE WAS THE ONE AND ONLY
Its gonna get a little weird, gonna get a little wild. I ain't from 'round here. I'm from another dimension! #CalyDQBot
im forever waking up at weird ass times
Weird Texts From My Mother
It's a blessing and a curse to be weird, different, misunderstood :/... Sometimes it's lonely, Especially when it...
It's weird being a senior bc the people are either in your class or younger than you
But I've said this before: The world belongs to the weird, the misunderstood, and the unaccepted.
These Pictures Are FULL of WTF
Weird shit
I did my morning routine backwards this morning.. Let the weird day begin.
My mom bought zaxbys last night even though my dad cooked. Then got us McDonald's this morning. Weird asf how nice she acting ....
[tweet implies that naming Winter Storms is an inherently weird practice and the names remind me of some pop culture franchise]
they were both good as weird unknown movies. Same goes for Zoolander
weird haha papi funny
that's so weird I can't even explain
looks too weird to be 10x09 why does Jo look like she's saying goodbye to her beloved puppy just a shitty costume choice?
Why her? That's weird af to me. But I'll just keep it to myself.
It\'s so weird to think that the terms we use now will be considered "old school" when we have kids
I feel weird when mutuals that have been following you for years just unfollows you
The weird mask that disrupts sleeping habits seems to be found in a suspicious shop that opens only at night...
aww thank you!! And yes! Omfg its weird how one person that I have never met before in my life can change me so much
this is all so weird
this is so weird like sah liking boy groups like woah what
"You know when you straighten your leg and can move your kneecap around?" "Yeah what about it?" "That shit is weird ma
just have to say season 6 rocks !! I get called weird all the time for loving TWD but I wear my weirdness with pride lol X
by weird you mean awful.... I agree
standing here feels so weird
dawg, I've seen like 80 people say that shit today lmao, it's fucking weird
that feeling when your singing the wrong lyrics the suddenly you laugh at yourself hahaha weird
6am scrolling through that weird side of twitter..
#NowPlaying: weird-ass BBC Radiophonic Workshop gubbins...
Help it's Weird O'clock and I can't find @k_robbb
You see a lot of weird shit when you come to school early man...
(i feel like i should start tweeting all(well not all)of the weird things that pop into my head bc wut)
I hate when people are shaped weird
it's weird to me that someone wants a threesome with me
Lol it's 7:11 and it feels so weird to not have to go to school until 11 (thanks Dr) -H
Those big sticker smileys always make me feel weird.. Especially the kisses
what a weird morning i fell asleep last night with the light and tv on and woke up at 5 am thinking it was the middle of the night
We live in a world where being sensitive is considered "weak", telling the truth is seen as "betrayal", showing vulnerability is "weird".
When u have weird friends
weird timing for this pic but I just realized I have played with my fav
it feels weird dressing normal today but i can't wait to dress up the rest of the week
she's making that weird face but she still looks so godly beautiful
oh yeah thats weird
that's weird. i got mine
omg what's so weird is that we both follow the same people except four
it's so weird tHat I wanted to screen sHot mine but I dunno How to screen sHot on an iPhone 6
10 Brands Who Got Weird to Achieve Their Marketing Goals by albertcostill
Did I miss something? Has Ryouha changed her weird forehead haircut?
Gonna get some weird looks today but who cares because it's tacky tourist beach day
Theres a weird combo of things you mix. Like tomato juice and baking soda. Try googling it!
Portal was weird because of the stale enemies, they needed more enemies.
I don't want to believe that either. But honestly, after IWTB, when they supposedly made up at the end, I had a weird
Another Wednesday another church visit. Living in Foz can be scary. Each day Austin explains something weird, it is a odd trick.
Sometimes I do wonder how people feel this weird sense of guilt about things that happened half a millennium before they were born.
with them because my love story in my real life. is almost very similar. it's weird but i feel connected with them
So mom said my full name be, Smriti Rajya Laxmi Shrestha. Kinda weird .
Its gotten too the point where american accents sound weird and in from fucking arizona wow
thats great! Its weird cuz im not scared of needles. But one in the back bothers me.
People laugh at me for talking weird when i have ulcers in my mouth
I'm not weird duh lmao
That shit weird af.
Harry is just so weird I love him
I don't like sitting by myself. It's weird
Why is it that I can never sleep-in on my day off? #Weird
Have begun to pack my life into boxes/give lots of things away to charity. Weird weird weird.
Bitches is weird
a voice for animals ...that will be listened to. I've joined my first political party ever....weird for me....x
Jordyn you're weird
. Your fans are weird.
Feels so weird retuning to work after so many days off
such a weird morning
isn't it so weird how the person we like can do the most ugly and gross things ever but we still think they're super fucking attractive
so some fight sequence between Arya Manik? :/ that's weird.. Should've been Manik vs Maddy
I hate it watching Tarzan without my goldfish to eat. Feels weird.
I've said before there are rational Cardinals fans without weird ass complexes, but they're drowned in a sea of incredibly m
tht shit weird I know someone like tht .
. MobILL phones - Weird handset health fears
sooo weird to get use too, but like it
Sumthin weird is happening in my body.
#video #FortCollins #motorshow #cheerleader Text #the #romance #back earn major cash in weird niche: Text The Rom
10 Brands Who Got Weird to Achieve Their Marketing Goals by @albe... via #SEO
Just posted a photo
ok it's not even scary anymore that weird guy in the teasers is the funniest thing
Job interview goes a bit weird in the shortfilm we are filming today.
Bigg Boss 9: Arvind Vegda's GIF is as weird as the BB 9 contestant himself! - #IndiaNews
#WakeUpAmerica EMPTY SnoozeAPolooza Weird Old White People #DemDebate #TCOT
yah its so weird. Why do you think the Grammys never let her win?
Feels weird to drink cranberry juice without vodka.
iceclearmedia: #SEO #SMM 10 Brands Who Got Weird to Achieve Their Marketing Goals by
Relevant bc y'all are weird. I wish we had left this trend in 2014. I hate it.
Some folk are just fucking weird
I love how in the mornings I kinda go into a tweeting frenzy... which is weird
It feels weird hearing everyone say "happy 16th"
Wisdom tooth.. feeling weird
Little mix have announced that they will tour Australia during the Get Weird Tour now I have hope that they'll announce US t
that was such a weird 17s
Weird Ways to Fall Asleep Faster
why does 'go check your hotdog there' sound so weird..
that way I can treat it like a non personal account. But I rarely post "private" stuff on my main one. It\'s a weird idea
Why does the aftermath of a breakup always have to be some weird fights and baseless arguments. Can't there ever be peace after?
It's so dark outside,I feel so weird being awake and eating breakfast at this hour...
Twitter is the one place where you go to say all of the random thoughts in your head and see if everybody else is as weird as you.
Here's on tonight's #DiscoverTuesdays @picturehouses, hyper-weird masterpiece HORSE MONEY
SocialSEOCo: #SEO #Links 10 Brands Who Got Weird to Achieve Their Marketing Goals by albertcostill:...
SEOProPanel: #SEO #Links 10 Brands Who Got Weird to Achieve Their Marketing Goals by albertcostill:...
Had a weird dream last night where I got annoyed at Houllier for trying to bring on Ziege and Diouf for Allen and Cisse,
Five more English expressions which may seem a little weird to foreign speakers: #English #SillySa
Chicken cheddar with chocolate. What the?! "Are you mad? That\'s a disaster!" hahaha weird naman kasi
(weird)
If she listens to Tyler the Creator she might do some shit like shave ur eyebrow off as a joke. Weird, but has potential.
some sort of weird reverse psychology you're trying? Go back to asking OR based questions, but make them sensible #TheVerdict
I'm a giver. And that's great, but at what point do people give to the giver. Prolly never. Y'all weird.
10 Brands Who Got Weird to Achieve Their Marketing Goals by albertcostill #seo #webseo
so fucking weird that today is the death anniversary for both my grans rather than just one.. crazy
If you could dress a guy up in girls clothes, what woul Haven't a clue, haven't been in that weird situation -
i feel like the phantom rn is that weird (minus the mask. i dont look good in masks.)
Weird photo editing here
Like it's not weird enough we're letting each other into our homes or meeting like it's hostage exchange. Let's reminisce. #morningthoughts
PEOPLE ARE SO RUDE AND WEIRD oh my gOD
So many weird dreams lately
I think I might get some weird looks from the guys though.
Cats are so weird
When I put on my shoes this morning I thought to myself "people are going to think I\'m weird" but then I realized that I don\'t care
"I SAW WEIRD LIGHTS IN THE SKY." ON TOP OF THEM IN BED.
Here Are 15 Things You Can Only Buy At A Wal Mart In China. #14 Is All Kinds Of Weird. #panamagourmetfoods,...
Here Are 15 Things You Can Only Buy At A Wal Mart I #panamagourmetfoods, #gourmet507, #panagourmet, #panamagourmet
oh and I had an iphone. it was just a weird dream all around
10 Brands Who Got Weird to Achieve Their Marketing Goals by albertcostill #SEO
the fact that i take PSATs tomorrow is So Weird And Scary?
He's so weird it's the best
Weird coincidence that, all of them having broken glasses held together with gaffer tape. How many of them were there?
see the top 10 weird things people have down on that?
1 sperm cell contains about 37.5MB of DNA - So a normal ejaculation transfers about 1,587GB of data in 3 seconds.
I'm weird.I'm awkward .I'm stupid .I'm Me .
hey so my account got banned for some weird thingsm, over a year and 4 months ago, i miss the game and competting rank help
so freakin weird
It feels weird but it's better like this :))
I have a crush on Aubrey Plaza from Parks and Recreation but things might get weird cause we have the same name
#tbt #timehop so weird how things work out
#WelcomeTweet Thanks for the follow! ;-) You can enjoy my weird/geeky/clean/free/funny photos here:
haha well you've always been a little bit too weird.. No new things lol
also weird
they all look weird
10 Brands Who Got Weird to Achieve Their Marketing Goals by #ContentMarketing
That's really weird.
Whenever retweets or favorites one of my tweets, I always screenshot and fangirl is that weird?
rocky horror picture show was a weird installment to the rocky franchise dont really understand what stallone hoped to ach
There really are some weird phobias... The fear of an empty beer glass?
Fuck it it's the norm now I feel weird with one on but it would be nipple on fleek if I didn't have one on
This lady just sat next to me and she smell weird
Oh. Ok, there are only a few weird subs for Aria so far...
IM ACTUALLY WEARING MY HAIR DOWN FOR THE FIRST TIME IN A VERY LONG TIME AND IF IT CURLS ALL WEIRD I WILL BE SLIGHTLY ANGRY
Don't give me the aux cord unless you wanna hear some weird shit
#SEO #SEM #News 10 Brands Who Got Weird to Achieve Their Marketing Goals by albertcost
When I find someone as weird as me
Shows how his mom taught him well to run when strangers are acting weird arnd u
via sejournal 10 Brands Who Got Weird to Achieve Their Marketing Goals by albertcostill
10 Brands Who Got Weird to Achieve Their Marketing Goals by albertcostill #seo
When u cant click with some weird pple in office.. is so annoying.
I feel like I'm sinking when I lay down, weird.
#Jackson rapping to Just Right in weird voices lmao byeeee #GOT7
What? said Chris. Well I mean, began Tom - ur clothes are a bit er, weird.Bustles are so last century!
weird feeling ugh
I liked a video from Metal Gear Max - Games Are Weird 156
but still 13 nomantions of grammys non a single win dont u find it weird ,?
such a weird color out
I might be weird but who cares
A day without twitter is like a pond without a water. Weird~ #GiveTwitterASlogan
Is it me or is it weird when Americans say "fam"
16 Bizarre Photos Of Girls Kissing Weird Stuff.
Wet Wild (Photo Gallery)
Sucking or biting (when it comes to chocolates) ? what a weird way to break the ice
I like someone who I can be weird with bc I am so weird lol
- my body feels weird
My brain works in weird ways
ITS MAKING WEIRD NOISES
Robyn Released a New Song Under a Pseudonym for a Weird Australian Thriller #Indie #music
I had such a weird dream and it had a cover song of bad blood that was soo good but its not real smh
Achieve Your Marketing Goals by Getting Weird | SEJ -
#SEO #SEM #News 10 Brands Who Got Weird to Achieve Their Marketing Goals by
I think I'm hopping into bed shortly. This is weird.
10 Brands Who Got Weird to Achieve Their Marketing Goals by Creating content that is on the fu...
weird how my wifi won't work on the main floor of my house and only in the basement when the main floor has connection
10 Brands Who Got Weird to Achieve Their Marketing Goals by #buhoo #buhoomag
And anyone who favs or retweets this are the weird kid.
10 Brands Who Got Weird to Achieve Their Marketing Goals by Creating content that is on the funny, quirky, and weird ...
I bet he was like "\xee\\_()_/\xee" also game logic is weird
of that, I'm going to tell you my dream I had that was really weird. Okay so I was at a service station and there were
Operation 'No More Dug Neck' is off to a great start. Feel like a pin cushion though #weird
Weird twitters fav sex position '69' rotates both sets of new media aesthetics.' somehow the new food replacement, soy
weird random question, are you from beani bazar? lol
via 10 Brands Who Got Weird to Achieve Their Marketing Goals by #SEO #Search
I tend to take weird ass selfies
10 Brands Who Got Weird to Achieve Their Marketing Goals by #seo
Yy's kinda weird tbh
sleeping with socks on is weird
It's gonna be weird looking at the cover but *sigh*
#HelpingWomen #Build Creating content that is on the funny, quirky, and weird side can help your brand have a ...
10 Brands Who Got Weird to Achieve Their Marketing Goals by #marketing #seo
the first two points were somewhat reasonable at first, but then it just gets weird.
I have literally just left you a work message on your work phone - how weird! Need your expertise. Thanks!
I feel weird sitting at the kitchen table alone, in my underware eating lol . 4 am lol
keep rewatching amanda's vid of making that rly weird sound walao fking funny
These Mfs weird
10 Brands Who Got Weird to Achieve Their Marketing Goals by #Seo
sorry, weird.
10 Brands Who Got Weird to Achieve Their Marketing Goals by albertcostill via sejournal
Breakfast at this hour but who cares #rosti looks weird here though.. @ Cedele @ Wheelock
10 Brands Who Got Weird to Achieve Their Marketing Goals by albertcostill Albert Costill
Got such a weird call from some lady saying she's from Quest. I'm still confused
How weird Feels too weird to imagine him like that
see, you're weird leader-nim /wraps the beef with the lettuce and feeds you/ eat some, you looked like a man without hope to live/?
10 Brands Who Got Weird to Achieve Their Marketing Goals #ContentMarketing
The "I\'ve missed you so much" hug.
What a weird thing to say. Thoughts, ?
Florida woman Periscopes while drunk driving
Weird Facts About the P0rn Industry81 check it out
I noticed sometimes that I can hear voices of my classmates and friends calling my name. Weird. It kinda creeps me out.
Weird not being in sudderz
Hahaha very weird. B**tch "Better Have My Money" to his friend! lol Hahaha weird selection heyyyy #SelektaReloaded
Weird new Japanese website lets you flick a cute girls forehead to your heart's content
I always take off my nose piercing to wash my face I forgot to put it back on now I feel weird
it feels weird that im closer to our eng supervisor now... i mean, she already calls me by first name
i have some weird dreams.
Prince Khaled AL-Faisal weird love story!!
Really? A pet plant? That sounds weird.
weird stuff ugh
Yeah, but it's weird for a 14 year old girl to eat three times what a man can... Right?
I still find it so weird. Like it freaks me out.
10 Brands Who Got Weird to Achieve Their Marketing Goals by albertcostill - Creating content that is on the funny
It's just so weird to think that I'm old enough to be applying for college
Man fends off grizzly by shoving arm down its throat via @WTSP10News
Been a weird week. Started something with Sweet Girl, so I've been... distracted.
Its weird how the happiest memories drive you to tears..
[INTERACTIVE] Everything you need to know about #ICD10, told in weird codes via
sounds weird af .. Do u get drunk
feels so weird to not be going to Hill Freedman
Naisha!!!! I miss you I wish you were here w/ me Pam. So weird not being w/ you. Thank you baby! Love you tons
I'm in love with his hair. If only I could just touch it. I know I'm weird. Sorry. #EMABiggestFans1D
Fun Fact: One of my dogs name is Daisy but we call her Kitty because she did this weird cat thing when she was a puppy and she still does it
pudding here and pudding there is like different. so I have this weird mental image of the cake now xD
Politically its a very weird time to be alive, with 90% of headlines having to specify theyre not Onion headlines.
Don't you just have those tan line from shoes and it looks so weird #EMABiggestFansJustinBieber
First years are weird in this Leicester...
who knows which craft and weird shit do exist in the world
Damn it. I know what I'll be picturing in the dark tonight when I turn the lights out. Fucking zombie fox with a weird eye. :(
weird choice tbf
weird #PSYHiwalay | #PushAwardsKathNiels
Her principal on some weird shit , if she call then yea I'll Go .
fair enough bud, aye man first game of the season against you guys, it's going to feel weird as fuck haha
I had this one weird dream.. very weird.. and sad.. huhu.. nyesal tido ptg..
It's so weird how we can be so weak with some people, and strong with others.
What if our lives were measured in how many pieces of toilet paper we used? That would be weird.
is it weird that I'm too afraid to try and play it?
Is that a Rabbit? Weird!
After reading the comments on Undertale I actually kind of want to kill everything in the game now. Weird how that works o
Zoned out in the lecture + was absentmindedly staring at one of the TAs + only realised when he stared back + gave me a really weird look
"Haha your friend\'s weird..."
The only downside of getting a good nights sleep the past few nights is the amount of really weird dreams I've been having.
a weird person won't acknowloedge if they're weird
10 Brands Who Got Weird to Achieve Their Marketing Goals by albertcostill #SEO #Marketing #Social
Does anyone else's throat just make weird noises that sound like burps but they're not actually burps because it's not
i went for an eye test today! it was weird n i panicked a big but hey new glasses
so obviously you need to stoke some weird anti-Russian sentiment to prevent this
that's my birthday.. Weird
Would be awesome but weird hahaha
I get into these weird moods where any sudden movement or sound from a person other than me just aggravates the hell ou
This might sound weird coming from me but idc I miss Walter
bcs you are weird af. 8 )
they say Al-i-sha, they pronounce it weird
Latin America tries to avoid an economic alpacalypse
Very weird! Found out this week Oldham and Eintracht Frankfurt have a freundschaft too, learn something new every day!
"I know... It feels so weird but so cool at the same time!" @ShrinkTori
I added a video to a playlist Gabe Newell - Top 10 Weird Facts
I wonder where that pricing came from and has now caused unnecessary chaos
#swedish #beard fans mistaken for #ISIS #weirdnews #lol #funny #weird #gtfo #sweden #ISIL #police
Actually yes... I do like that novella until it goes mental and turns into a weird revenge fantasy. @E_M_Edwards
10 Brands Who Got Weird to Achieve Their Marketing Goals by albertcostill #STW #SocialTech
Well that was weird...
just leave us all alone it's really getting a bit weird now..
Had a weird ass dream
Right now I'm dying for your lunches you used to make me in Glasgow with all the weird concoctions but it always tasted amazing
So weird when someone crosses ur mind then u get a message from them
dance in super weird cloths
His smile . His eyes . His lips . His hair . His laugh . His hands . His smirk . His humor . His weird faces .
4 y/o: I like your face. Daddy: Thanks, honey. That is a nice thing to hear. 4: You're welcome... I just like things that look
This sky reminds me of CSI:Miami! Except its just good ole Belfast and its really weird weather
your weird Man U need help
haha that's awesome!! :D yeah sometimes I have these weird thought processes I just can't stop lol
w like an hour remaining, since u seniors didnt even wanna go too, i was like wtf... thats weird ok
I am so weird, I make myself laugh #mayAllahGuideMe
every time i see someone in band merch i awkwardly stare at them until they start giving me weird looks
that's cos my fine is a little weird and my room is dark
dutch ppl have such a weird accent
it's such a weird concept as well???? like normal ggroup then Weird Halloween Man
10 brands who got weird to achieve their marketing goals by albertcostill
You're definitely pretty weird if you don't listen to the beastie boys
yes it is coz being weird is being ur self
Watch 9ft Iron Man 'Hulkbuster' try his luck with 2 stunned women in hilarious footage
someone usha me dekat dewan and ingat tak prasan ka hAha u're weird
oh nope but still a weird thing happened
Be crazy, be silly, be weird, be unpredictable. Don't ever be afraid to
What will you be eating in the future? Check out: 25 edible insects! #food #weird #bizarre
Hashtag game! Tweet out a funny or weird story about a bad party you went to in college and tag w/ #WorstCollegeParty. Cou
There's 10 ppl in my phone that are unaccounted for. Idk who you ppl are or how you got there but it's weird. Guess Ima call em later
I was happy to catch up with my little sisters last night via Facetime. They're still weird, but I
MY FUCKING ENGLISH TEACHER IS BEING PHILOSOPHICAL ON FACEBOOK THISJ IS SO WEIRD HES NEVER LIKE THAT IN CLAS S
Would it still be weird if I sent Oomf booty pics. Even though we don't fuck with each other. Is the real question.
Have a sudden weird urge to go out and buy a whole lot of new Indian clothes
Happy 18th Birthday to this weird, fun-loving kid (or should I say adult to make you feel old?) have a great day!
Bitches is really weird like
omg this might be weird but idgaf so I dreamt that I meet u and I got to spend like all day with u! Which they was real!
"15? Huh...Weird"
10 Brands Who Got Weird to Achieve Their Marketing Goals via @albertcostill, via @sejournal
My mom is weird. She just came up to me while I was watching to and roll a egg on my cheek. While saying "this is good for your face"
Wow, just reading about Dong Tao chickens. So weird.
I feel so weird w/o my glasses
I think it's really weird how jealous I am from his pillow
I may or may not have kissed my phone screen IM SO WEIRD
same like wtf why do you let me do these weird things
Serious question.... Is demarco Murray slow or something? He just runs weird to me!
I just want to be that\xffweird family member that you're 50/50 on whether or not you should invite him over for the holida
Check out Book of Football Stuff : Great Records, Weird Happenings, Odd Facts, Amazing... via @eBay
I liked a video from Drunk Mafia?! - Games Are Weird 154
lol kids look so weird when they get their front adult teeth
Isn't it weird how music defines certain periods of your life? Like I'm listening to marina and the diamonds and getting flashbacks
A weird coalition! The unity of the enemies! Domino Effect!
If u find urself saying "maybe I shouldn\'t say this, he\'ll think I\'m weird" then ur with the wrong guy. Find someone who adores ur weirdness
Them niggas weird
it feels so weird to wear contacts again
oh why does that sun look weird.
its weird looking back at who i started 2015 with and who im ending 2015 with...
10 Brands Who Got Weird to Achieve Their Marketing Goals by\xff
Jun is making me feel weird things-
ok I'm weird I'm done idk what I'm doing lol sorry but ur cute ok bye
It's some weird relationships on #LHHHollywood
Feels so weird having two days off work
Is it weird that I'm more offended that she made hamburger helper AND tater tots? That's peak laziness right there.
Why Is The Barista At My Local Dunkin Donuts Looking At Me Weird Because I Ordered A Smoothie? And She Questioned My Order! It's Only 58\xf8!
You Made It Weird with Pete Holmes: Deepak Chopra
10 Brands Who Got Weird to Achieve Their Marketing Goals by albertcostill - #SEO
"10 Brands Who Got Weird to Achieve Their Marketing Goals by @albertcostill" -
When did girls start coming up to boys and asking for their number, it's weird #Futureways
I think the phrase "hanging out" is a weird term. Like whut the fuck is that?
It's so weird how much can change in such a short space of time
wouldnt be as much of a problem if as a field there wasnt a weird degree of snobbery/technical elitist
everyone is looking at me weird
boys are weird
Photo: chibiirose: this episode was weird :^)
10 Brands Who Got Weird to Achieve Their Marketing Goals by #socialmedia
this school is so weird smh
if i sound weird today, im sorry my throat is rn.
Young thug is bisexual and weird as fuck but his music is so essential
'cause then I'd get all the men and- okay I'll stop now. I had to tho my brain is weird. K bye
Getting weird in New Jersey.
15! The future is weird.
#News Shocking footage shows two women slogging it out in daylight street brawl as onlooker
[#ContentMarketing] 10 Brands Who Got Weird to Achieve Their Marketing Goals by @albe...
Feel so weird in this class inly because I don't know anyone
10 Brands Who Got Weird to Achieve Their Marketing Goals by | #SocialMedia
ive gotten even more weird w being alone like whenever im alone im missing out on something n it's making me feel shit
8 Celebrities Rumored To Be Bad In Bed
" Life is too short to be normal. Stay weird."
lol that was weird
I love having two Twitter accounts as I can like my own posts and be friends with myself ... weird I know but that's m
10 Brands Who Got Weird to Achieve Their Marketing Goals by albertcostill sejournal |
@5SOS's snapchat u mean videos of Ashton Irwin giving updates and everyone else doing weird shit that usually involves the
Okay so like you know that the BF songs have like a weird filter to make them have more of an old vibe? Like it kind of cracks
because he's weird, just don't pay any attention man
Talking about army always make me feel weird.....hehehe....
I been having some weird ass dreams lately
its weird how i mostly watch tv on laptop nowadays
urg, some weird number keeps calling me and hanging up
@5SOS's snapchat u mean videos of Ashton Irwin giving updates and everyone else doing weird shit that usually involves the rainbow filter
One Weird Boul
It's weird how she tries too hard ..
>;Shuffle...it\'s so-so and falls into the "indecisive guy" hole. Also, the girls are all weird...I\'m only 6 episodes off the end...
The Fargo prequel didn't disappoint. Weird violent drama with some of the best one liners. #FargoFX
Memories are weird
she said 'yes' she's a very weird human
Women has this weird thing with them, man. They can sense stuff.
Weird horse girl who grows up and goes to college, but is still haunted by her past
This is gonna b weird
Warm rain is jst too weird
and idk I guess your faces are kind similar??? Idk I'm weird I'll go
going from a theme park where I know everything to one where I know nothing is WEIRD
I didn't say you shouldn't put a bed in the kitchen, just that it wouldn't be less weird.
theres a weird lump on my neck
Dude. Homie. Yeah it's weird. Report through the app? Meanwhile laugh? :)
I got Weird and Zany! What Does Your Favorite Spooky Family-Friendly Film Say About You?
Ohhh. Didn't realise people did that? Is a tad weird.
Weird. Everyone is debating about Veganism while I'm watching The Simpsons... Which apparently is the episode about aliens being vegan
that isn't that weird in the Netherlands xD Stroopwafels everywhere
Weird CORE Genres! via YouTube Would listen the shit out of ukucore
Dreams were weird last night. was my boss at a new job then I came second in the Great British Bake Off.
I found him looks like draco malfoy- my first love on HP, is it weird that I start to like that boy? T _ T
It's really weird to think about what boobs actually are and that ppl pay a fortune to get fake sacks of fat sewn on their chest
I remember this exact episode where I saw it and what time... how weird.
Haha.it's kind of weird seeing fans calling oppa to jimin.just what the heck old are you.such a young fans
Understood. Kinda weird seems dodgy but know what? Do what you like coz you just ID'd me at the till and I'm 38 : )
My Cheer sisters are Weird AsfiGotta love my Girls thou
It's a weird feeling to be a Tales fan especially if you've been there since the Playstation era.
whats the point of the weird thumb lick thing, like im so genuine confused why-
Feeling so weird right now. While thinking how I feel I need to think about what the feelings are talking and doing inside my head.
Vanessa just facetimed me during the imagine dragons concert while i was eating a banana.. That was really weird
hahahaha no. What's weird is that you worry what your dog sees.
someone, I mean obviously, but it's so weird I'm
I always have these weird talks and hangouts with every night which ends up with me in his bed... #whyarewebestf
what a good friend i am so shut up stop tweeting its weird hahaha
emo girls? I mean idk Ig I don't be paying attention to them j give them weird looks but that's all you sound scared for your
that's weird though cause I constantly update it. But it's stuck to that? Hmm...
I mean, I guess people will have to look at porn on the computer? I'm sure it'll be scary and weird at first, but it'l
Agreed. Reviewers often do the same thing. Weird and annoying.
10 Brands Who Got Weird to Achieve Their Marketing Goals by albertcostill #SEO via sejournal
How things work out is so weird...
Are you scared on Tuesday 13th? This video show weird superstitions around the world
Weird CORE Genres! via Would listen the shit out of ukucore
it's weird how excited i am for bieber's new album holy shit
People fav weird things on here
My kitten lays weird. lol
CMON YOU KNOW YOU WERE BLOWN AWAY BY MY BEAUTY. FLIPS HAIR. JFC I'M SO WEIRD. I MISSED YOU TOO BABE.
haha thanks! I knew it was weird somehow. @thusinutz
why do facebook pokes still exist??? they're like a weird remnant of when facebook was supposed to be a dating site
It's weird actually liking my job barely complaining ab it bc most people hate their jobs
haha! xD couldn't be happier with anyone else than you on my team hmm that has a bit of weird crazy flavor lol I like!
It's weird you know? When you get to notice little things about someone but you're still getting over your ex.
When I don't work out for a few days my body feel weird
R U GONA DO WEIRD THINGSON MY ACC (cont)
Some weird bald kid....
ana is anaqi u cn call him anaqi ana is very weird
@RuneScape, Adding a drop pin in game will take a few minutes. Kinda weird that we are still waiting on it.
just realized how weird that sounded
It's weird that all the things I've ever dreamed of could come from one person
Weird logic in Quebec: The people of Quebec have decided that women (and men) have the right to choose when th...
Does anyone else think it's weird that in pan they sing teen spirit by nirvana ?
Although no one in the house has butter. There is no butter in the house. It makes me feel weird.
The Xingren Night Market mascot is a demonic unicorn plane. Stay weird, Taiwan!
Tinder users head to IKEA to snap the perfect 'at home' profile picture
The next three books are stand-alone, not in a series. Probably hardcover. All weird and naughty. #fairwarning
A relationship where you can be weird together gt; gt; gt;
Omg am I really that talkative that when I don't talk, it's very weird? hahaha!
vodka in my test tube lmao LETS GET WEIRD
Wow an interestingly weird couple. I like huehuehue
I unfollowed gerard bc I can't take his weird ass tweets anymore
/this kid... so weird/
Keep having really weird dreams then waking up being confused about if it actually happened or not
Grip Tzusing's wonderfully weird mixtape for the CAV EMPT SHO TERM RETAIL EXPERIMENT here:
I hate having weird dreams. Like I would never do something that messed up.
well it was weird waking up and realizing Steve Spurrier is no longer our coach. Excited to see who will tab as our next HC.
Pretty weird not putting each other to sleep
You're weird if you're not weird.
we're so weird oh my we probably scared them off
It's really weird that I love so much and I haven't even meet him in reality!
Hey @Tesco, I've just found this weird thread string in my bag, just reporting it in case it happens again c:
sex and sounds so weird and I'm sorry if I make this uncomfortable but nipple stimulation makes the uterus contract.
sometimes I really just don't know. about anything. it's weird.
Re-fed/fed the cat. Bigger issue is whether there is an open sachet of cat food lurking somewhere weird in my house!
My body's acting really weird
when you have a weird dream about someone and wake up feeling completely different about them
it was a weird experience
Is anybody else or am I the only one to have been getting friend requests from these weird people that I do not...
Snake sex is weird
See, Big Bro? You just rest your head on weird stuff and it works! Super comfy, isn't it?
The HMV slipcase version artwork for @LittleMix's Get Weird &lt;3 Sold.
MegaHeid I say this as someone who has eaten raw horse, raw chicken and raw cod sperm in Japan: Korean food is weird.
A new pile of pointless rubbish from SEJ: 10 Brands Who Got Weird to Achieve Their Marketing Goals by albertcostill
This means I only have a month to get over get weird and a month to compose myself for sounds live feels live...THAT ISNT ENOUGH TIME
Human centipede 3 got so weird so quickly I just had to make it stop
It's weird to feel like you miss someone you're not even sure you know. YLONA tuBigWinner
Looking through my pics in phone, sees a pic of what looks like my first nose bleed but idk bc my face is all fucking weird.
Penises are weird they just hang there like ayyyyyyy lmao
Be crazy. Be stupid. Be Silly. Be weird. Be whatever because life is too short to be anything but
April Wine via Elton Bernie, weird when you think about it :-)
The Microsoft Surface Book is a big, brawny tablet with a massive weight-balancing keyboard:
Me and EMANI twins af it's weird Lmaoo how we throw on a similar outfit today without any communication
Weird that a guy named Chase turned out to be a giant douche
10 Brands Who Got Weird to Achieve Their Marketing Goals by albertcostill by Albert Costill #SEJournalpost
It's kinda weird looking at who I started with in 2015, and who I'm ending with
hey mate, any weird reports going on about Sasaki's status as Nadeshiko coach? Presser tomorrow but wording strange.
Weird/interesting reflection on epistemology (for fucks sake) in reservoir dogs....
Weird Facts About the P0rn Industry74 check it out
so weird seeing ppl u used to fuck wit in high school n jus walking past em like u never knew em
Ah. I have to say I prefer it to Mx which looks and sounds very weird.
jk that's rlly weird
Police Cant Get A Baby Out of A Hot Car. Thats When A 5-Year-Old Walks Up to Them
Bigg Boss 9: Arvind Vegda's GIF is as weird as the BB 9 contestant himself! -
&lt;- 10 Brands Who Got Weird to Achieve Their Marketing Goals by albertcostill #seo #onlinemarketing
so weird. i remember what i tweeted but i cannot find it.
10 Brands Who Got Weird to Achieve Their Marketing Goals by albertcostill #SearchEngineOptimization
"10 Brands Who Got Weird to Achieve Their Marketing Goals by @albertcostill" viaSearch Engine Journal #socialmedia
Sorry I'm weird. But what if he does say that my wrist is actually dead ? Could I still do archery one-handed ?
i look so weird in my goddess outfit
THATS WEIRD NO
Cartoons nowadays on Cartoon Network are weird af.
Mom: There's Healty smoothie in the fridge. So I pour it in my Cup, and down it thinkin it tasted weird...WE HAD FLAUTAS. I
Because even the people you least expect to leave you, will still leave you.
"Maybe, no matter how much you loved them, they could slip through your fingers like water, and there was nothing you could
How weird the boobs are #NoBraDay.
i should be normal af now. iM too weird im not me
good morning i dreamt about calum and it was such a weird dream i barely remember it i only remember a certain part of it
See Weird Moment Teacher Str!ps Totally To Teach Her Students\xffAnatomy
Im always a sucker for cheap, weird Halloween masks. #halloween #costume #mask #skull #mo
bro this video is so weird but I bet that shit hits harder than ray rice
If u don't participate in Pajama day ur weird
this shit is so weird man
Its weird hated him but kinda-going to miss him being on the scene. Maybe I didn't really hate him after all
The kind who associates with popular girls but used to be an outcast and was bullied for being nerdy and weird.
Sorry homie... Your weird
I like those people you can joke around with and have so much fun with and then have a deep conversation with and its no
I'm aware that my layout is weird and It didn't match.
Balloons are so weird... "happy birthday, here\'s a plastic sack of my breath"
Will Oldham is a weird dude.
I liked a video from You Have Been Knighted - Games Are Weird 155
Twitter on iPad is weird
10 Brands Who Got Weird to Achieve Their Marketing Goals by #SEO
All righty then ladies, let's see some boobies...!!!
10 Brands Who Got Weird to Achieve Their Marketing Goals by albertcostill via sejournal #seo #sem
Feels weird setting up the PS4 as my primary console
Sorry pal, wanted to welcome you appropriately but my Alphas seemed to have some weird other things in mind... #nexttime
People who aren't dressed up don't get to give me weird looks
"OLD HAIRY PECKERS!!!" - SWAG (Some Weird Ass Games) via @YouTube
mine are so weird
it's weird people, i think google play gave it away
hes awesome When you catch up let me know then I'll tell you why it's weird to me
why do we have to stand outside i have no friends and all the weird kids stand around me
"10 Brands Who Got Weird to Achieve Their Marketing Goals by albertcostill
someone like two rows in front of me is eating a bagel with a bunch of weird ass shit in it but why does it smell like period blood tho
Inbound_Mike: 10 Brands Who Got Weird to Achieve Their Marketing Goals by albe... via
10 Brands Who Got Weird to Achieve Their Marketing Goals by albe... via sejournal #SEO
via sejournal 10 Brands Who Got Weird to Achieve Their Marketing Goals by albertcostill #
If I get to go to both sounds live feels live and get weird I only have a month in between.....this could be problematic for me
if you actually want to have a conversation without being weird, kik me lol
He looks kinda weird in this pic...
my twitter was being weird xp
{Lighting was terrible and my leg was doing this weird bend but what ever}
I cant even deal with the weird ass bitches by my locker every morning
Weird show this week. Good show. Footie pajamas come up. anyways... EP 064: DON'T F**k Paul #podcast
so not weird at all total empathy, but it will be turn out well I bet,anxiety is way worse then th reality I find
I can't wait till next week now. Keeps getting better and better and makes me want a tattoo is that weird?
my tummy feels weird
I started dreaming over the TOR network last night. It was weird on so many layers...
I talked to some of the weird, wonderful people who've collected thousands of AOL free trial discs
Zion Weird
I had a weird ass dream last night
I find most story-based game weird.
Weird News :: Elderly Tunisian...
October 13 in New England and its 50 D at 7 am. Weird
That\'s the main reason,bt they wanna show boys breez" Go and examine your breast today Don\'t just post pictures"
Weird stuff can be more helpful than you'd think
this is so weird, sitting on a table with kelvin's mom
Yes it's weird but it helps me out
In a weird mood today
10 Brands Who Got Weird to Achieve Their Marketing Goals by albertcostill #SEO #News
Still always feel so weird gettin out in the AM drinkin, even bein as savage as I am, still irks me when I do it. #TastesDifferentInTheAM
Inbound_Mike: 10 Brands Who Got Weird to Achieve Their Marketing Goals by albe...
So apparently I have a weird sense of humour that people either love or hate. Tell me something I don't know
I hope I never meet any of my favourite authors, just in case they're as weird and horrible as Peter van Houten
His smile. His eyes. His lips. His hair. His laugh. His hands. His smirk. His humor. His weird faces. R~T if you thought
bcs twice is my group name, ok its weird ignore it/?
Q3. Weird seafood treats in Nishiki Market, Kyoto!
I feel so weird this morning
Wild Lands Weird Creatures: Anne Szabla Brings Bird Boy to Dark Horse
weird..I'm pretty sure I don't come across as a redskins fan
#LittleMixInOz #BlueRoom Are you comming to Europe in the 'Get Weird Tour'? Spanish mixers love you so xbsbs
How weird would it be in a brick and mortar store if the cashier congratulated you on a successful purchase?
uhhh it looks weird lmao
Weird how somethings can make you smile so much
Sometimes I get scared of people taking me seriously, because that's when shit gets really weird
I love people I can be weird with.
Weird photo with our English Prof . Hahaha omg
Chinese tourist takes POO outside British #Burberry shop... 5m from FREE PUBLIC TOILET
DragonRealms is a game where 30% of the time is fantasy RPG wahey and other 70% is like being in some weird medieval s
walk to work bc it's literally down the street and still these weird ass niggas stop ask if I need a ride
watching play a really weird game at
It's only weird if it doesn't work...haha. I wanted Stroman starting over Price for game 5 anyway.
"10 Brands Who Got Weird to Achieve Their Marketing Goals by @albertcostill" from Search Engine Journal
You could also see the moon in your left and the sun in your right idk it was very weird.
Going in a couple hours later is very weird. Mostly bc Id pretty much be at work already and Im still in bed.
Bouta be a weird ass week
Eating alone feels so weird.
I've never understood that weird crossfit pull-up where you kick your legs as hard as you can and violently swing your body everywhere
Dirty Bruce, filling my Twitter feed with the weird "cum"!
happy birthday Ellen ilysm I hope you have an incredible and slightly weird day
Lol it's weird watching dutchess in nc--esp charlotte because she's in my area exactly
Huh on duty and going out with his family? Something kinda weird there.
is doing a #BoneyM marathon on a Tuesday night. Thought I could never get enough...but I think perhaps I can..getting weird
Wtf?! It's so weird seeing my own face and name adding me wtf
My dreams been weird lately
Thankk youu
I look mine up if they're particularly weird.......
So that was a fucking weird dream
her out too, I'm sure she'll enjoy it very much and yeah we were so it is a little weird that you had that dream and it was a
I remembered your name because it sounds like unnie and you're my unnie thats weird but I just wanted to tell you ahaha thyerra u re so qt
Life is weird, it seems as if everything happens over and over....
white ppl so weird lol
Man Slept In His Contacts And Is Now Blind In One Eye! #weird
I actually don't.... I know weird I just never got into it! Do you have Facebook? :)
Happy #NoBraDay
Everyone always talks about how weird and cool their uber drivers are n every single one I've had has been normal I think it's a myth
Hour of duty is a weird fucked up film
It's weird when you think of how much the past holds you back in your future. The decisions you make, the people you spend time with #freaky
Lmao Ergh weird
Weird :/ I became sad all of a sudden
"10 Brands Who Got Weird to Achieve Their Marketing Goals by albertcostill" #seo #searchengine
If only governments were more like science with logic, fact, real analysis, and giving monkeys strange concoctions. Biologists are weird
Well this is weird
I applaud " Everyday is no bra day #Nobraday
that's weird because the packers report just started following me
Inspired by insomnia: The weird sleep habits of Jon Stewart and other late-night talk show hosts
Ugly Child Stars Who Turned Insanely Hot
His smile. His eyes. His lips. His hair. His laugh. His hands. His smirk. His humor. His weird faces. R~T if you thought of someone.
Starting to like this weird early morning calm. Day kinda feels limitless when no one else is awake/outside yet.
#ModiMinistry Bigg Boss 9: Arvind Vegda's GIF is as weird as the BB 9 contestant himself! -
it was really weird
I like it lol weird I know
Awe mom thanks you are the sweetest. OuO me not weird. I'm handsome,cool and cute.
The NERD, THE WEIRD, THE PSYCHO :P Hahaha Laughtrip ! EPIC !
doesn't all that static just feel weird on your junk?
--started to change. After a few seconds they stood in front of a train station while everything else was weird looking --
He's weird. He called me a racist then said he was just having fun. Is he anti UKIP now?
Youre weird af and not in a good way
I hate these weird ass couples in school always sitting on each other or making out in the middle of the fucking hallway
To be fair, it'd be quite weird to dump someone while giving them a hand job.
I suddenly missed him. Weird. Sisihin ang My Amnesia Girl
Craving for maizzzz hahaha ang weird ng cravings
Aww! Thanks! :D Well, Dan and Swampy have a new show coming in 2017! And Weird Al's in it!
it's weird at first but it's nice. : )
I just woke up from a nightmare 20 minutes ago that's so weird
shit gets weird when someone's whole mood affects yours not seeing them for jus two days feels weird
AFTER THE FIRST 2 YOU'RE JUST WEIRD AND NEED HELP
I get that. All Im saying is, Im not an animal at the zoo. Taking pics of me without me knowing and posting
Was watching 'She Was Pretty'... and LOL it's so weird to see Park SeoJoon and Hwang JungEum as couple... keke
[tweet implies that naming Winter Storms is an inherently weird practice and the names remind me of some pop culture franc
the only time Ive had "weird" fans is when people dont understand basic social boundaries.
I just want to be perfect... Nah just kidding, I love being weird.
dyed it a lighter blonde last night but it looks weird. I look like slim shadys twin sister
'Headlights' is quite possibly one of Eminem best songs. Weird seeing his music come full circle.
Awesome - it's weird how it relates to my life so much
This cop that stopped me asked me my name. I told him I had a boyfriend. Weird, it's like he doesn't know the format...
Haven't drove in forever it feel weird.
ah today in math im gonna be alone with a guy that makes me get awkward and weird ughghghghgughgubghgugfhjfhughugh
. Old news TG. Can you prove your weird opinions yet?
That is so weird can you not hahahaha
ITS SO PLEASANTLY WEIRD BEING AT HOME
oh that happens sometimes, it's weird how accurate they can be
basically if you talk to me past midnight i have a lot of feelings and it's weird
omg I'm so weird but love u too
This TAL episode is being weird on Stitcher na vile it's interesting.
"my favorite animal is a pig/Cow/chicken" oh you eat your favorite animal? weird.
daw typical weird UP student man gud sya bah
he has more stamina and a weird healing factor... And he can increase his speed i am less good than himon hand to hand..
Nene a weird ass bitch I can't stand her she always letting her boyfriend do dumb shit like hang up the phone on mfas go through messages
Can I please just have a genuine conversation with Michael and sit and chill and drink coffee and talk about the weird w
When you see the thing that you were helping with 'live' with the contacts you gave in there, it's a weird when you haven't had a thank you.
Kinda weird to name this the game of the year edition before its even had a chance to win any
He's very odd. You ARE weird, but in a nice way.
it's weird looking
Dont Underestimate How Weird This World Is 23 Fascinating Moments Captured
"That would be quite weird. Hm." She walked over the the bedroom, putting her clothes on.
YES PHIL!!
This looks weird but.. Yeah. That's all I have to say
is it weird that in order to write a bomb ass essay I have to cry at least once during the process of writing it
this science sounds weird but I like it
My mums In one bloody weird mood today
it's a bengali meme pls we're sooo weird liool
it's weird how it's acceptable to put someone else's genitals in your mouth but eating a dorito off the floor after a few se
This is weird. None of this story makes sense when you analyse it. So what was the real message?
Probably this period of studying here I can actually compile a "List of Weird Question by Weird People"
Tired
I never know whether to be offended or take it as a compliment when I hear, you such a bad bad or my fave baddie- like nah dog.. It's weird
George Clarke's Amazing Spaces: 10 weird places to spend the night. -
NATHAN CALLING ILY DADDY IS SO WEIRD SUDDENLY I GTG
you are so hilarious in general you are funny in all videos you weird in a funny way so go delirious
before i go weird, i'll poof first lol.
Is it weird that I miss getting dropped off at work lol I feel like my whole life changed
I haven't caught the El sub in so long lol it feels so weird I hate it still tho
they quit talking about him now it'd be weird if I brought it up again lol
congratulations on 3,000,000 subscribers @AmazingPhil! ABOUT TIME RIGHT GUYS #CongratsOn3MilPhil
It's weird coming to school without my soccer bag...
. as for Samsung, you're right, but nobody seems to be able to stop them from making 1000 different models with weird features.
JonellChamness: SocialSEOCo: #SEO #Links 10 Brands Who Got Weird to Achieve Their Marketing Goals by albertcostill
JonellChamness: SEOProPanel: #SEO #Links 10 Brands Who Got Weird to Achieve Their Marketing Goals by albertcostill
A stranger faved my tweet I thought prolly from UP din. No I'm not a weird person liking all your tweets, my kind of tweets lang talaga
Sittin behind this girl on the bus and she has like 70 pictures of the pope in her gallery wtf kinda weird shit is that
Must be weird for Hillary to answer qs about sexism and harassment when she's married to the ultimate sexual harasser
When you're with your friend and you see some weird shit that he don't notice
i should be less weird im sorry HAAHHAH
Weird sleep
this is weird I gave a solo dm with to my co -fandom and They left :( why ? something is wrong .. did they got hacked?
Weird ass dream lol
A good laugh and a long sleep are the two best cures for anything.
PijushDu : sejournal : 10 Brands Who Got Weird to Achieve Their Marketing Goals by albertcostill
I like it when Dougie introduces himself by his full name cos then he says my name! I'm weird
The grey courts at Linz look so weird in TV #Tennis #linz #wta
#LittleMixInOz Girls, what's your favorite songs of DNA, Salute and Get Weird?
morning started off so weird
Feeling weird
Dreams are so weird...
Gonna be weird the be at my old school today to watch volleyball
weird. it never happened to me.
THATS SO WEIRD LIKE... ITS ALWAYS BEEN KURAIN ???? IN THE PREVIOUS GAMES TOO
I felt some kind of unusual feeling, weird.
15 Weird And Wonderful #London #Cocktails You Have To Try Before You Die via @BuzzFeedUK
Can't believe I woke up dead on 7:30am this morning it's not like me to get up that time #weird
we have some doctor guy and he has fucking limbs and hearts and shit encased in this weird stuff fucking ew
my eyebrows look weird today
it was weird not havin you there. I miss you baby
Sixth Form is weird Nobody cares what you do
Kind of weird hearing you endorse beer. "Spindle tap is beer is good, take my buddy\'s word for it"
bitches are so weird omm
Weird -_- As if having 2 seasons a year is a choice
"my weird friend deserves a present what should I do" is something I just typed into google apparently
Celebrities Explain Their Weird Baby Name Choices
bc it's not like I don't have friends or anything, and I don't get bullied, but I just can't go in today, I have a weird feeling
This is weird. What is Obama running for?
Just have to brace myself this time.
*Hides under table*
I feel like so many people don't like me or they think I'm weird or something but I'm a nice ass person and people are mi
Keep it weird. Keep it interesting
Ugh, probably. A week ago I dreamt was my new neighbour. So weird.
It's so weird yet scary thinking and talking about the future.
"Or is this some sort of weird scheme?" Something the characters on #FakingIt have to ask each other way too much.
oh the English version of Kasparov books have like everything different from the Czech version haha. Looks so weird on the bookshelf
There is a weird kind of feminism in the air these days. And it stinks.
10 Brands Who Got Weird to Achieve Their Marketing Goals by via Search Engine ...
Feels so weird walking round with a bag on, bringing back the school memories
Okay, is it just me or is it weird that an app on my phone is meant to help me find said phone if it
Teenage girl using a weird dildo - Seventeen Live
I feel so comfortable with this parka :)
my hands are weird
"You mustn\'t be afraid of been called crazy, weird, or strange..... Because, those are all the geniuses anyways"- Unknown
weird people everywhere #EMABiggestFans1D
The weird and wonderful world of taxidermy with guest Allis Markham #Radio
I'm a weird and awkward human being
At First, You Won\'t "Get" These Tattoos. But Look Closer
Help Keep Spectacle Theater Cheap amp; Williamsburg Weird(ish)
My dream is weird i'm with my classmates then baek and suho is there wow haha what a weird dream
weird and extra but I hope it's the weekend then
is this another of your weird lies......?
It's really weird to think about what boobs actually are and that ppl pay a fortune to get fake sacks of fat sewn on their c
We'll never know what makes bros yell weird statements at quiet concerts. But it's likely the same demon that makes thei
so this is what #giraffes sound like. Weird!
How weird is Taylor swifts feet ? @RMGdieter
this is weird I literally don't even remember going to bed I'm so confused
walking out of practice when the suns coming up is a weird thing
why the fuck is he crying that's weird
Pre-order Little Mix's new album #GetWeird on now! #PreorderGetWeirdOniTunes
His Girlfriend Noticed Something Weird In Her Belly Button, When They Took It Out... HoDid That Even Fit In There?=>;>;
can my mom leave so i can continue to play the same song over and over without feeling weird about it
weird and forever awkward...
day time tv is weird. Loose Women say a man wont be getting lashes in Saudi...camera pans to audience of a certain age politely applauding.
This means I only have a month to get over get weird and a month to compose myself for sounds live feels live...THAT ISNT ENO
It's weird enough that someone sent me flowers, but they were sent to the wrong house Major had to deliver them to me...
My current playlist is Loveless, Weird Era Continued, Microcastle, Visions Lonerism so yeah I'm convinced all of this is a dream/illusion
If I get to go to both sounds live feels live and get weird I only have a month in between.....this could be problematic for
I'm sorry if you find me weird. But I feel uncomfortable with you.
"Anime is Weird
I be so over the weird shit .. Good morning
Weird Benefits Of Onions #benefits #healthbenefits #onions
I LOVE GET WEIRD!
I added a video to a playlist Selfies: Deadlier Than Sharks - Weekly Weird News
This is too weird. I love it:
Wow...how weird
I mean, really, it's our weird fantasy. no one brags.
yay \\o/ i've watched the episodes on one channel but still it's just weird watch it with indo subs lol
My fridge doesn't stop making weird noises now that the power came back on now I'm scared
all formations likely looked weird the first time some like ranks stopped working looked silly.
So weird hearing old dominion on the radio now
Serious question: how much are wedding cakes? And how weird would it be if I wanted to buy one just to eat? By myself?
People at my school are so weird i'm not worried about you, you're never on my mind
17 Of The Greatest Responses To An Ex Text Of All Time, LMFAO
Space is weird.
On a weird note. Hontiveros reminds me of my Theo 131 Prof. That's why I like her.
I once saw someone draw Skarmory with the lower jaw of a dog and it was weird
Them Asian folk sure do make some weird porn
Would Eucharistic wine bong be weird? The answer is yes. But this is CAF
this weird obsession for lime juice recently
you know i'm curious, i'm taking risks, i'm passionate, i'm weird and i've just begun but i'll get what i want because i know
@ God why did you make me weird?
Weird people are attractive....
weird la guys ahaha
It's weird. *So many* times I've seen the same responses, the same arguments from separate people. Nary an original thought.
Pepsi Is Making a Smartphone, Which Is Pretty Weird,
It's weird looking at who I started 2015 with and who I'm ending 2015 with
PijushDu: sejournal : 10 Brands Who Got Weird to Achieve Their Marketing Goals by albertcostill
And carrying a purse is weird
It definitely has a weird quirkiness to it that's not for everyone but I like it.
10 Brands Who Got Weird to Achieve Their Marketing Goals by #ilmuINET
Humans are weird creatures...
It's weird being an adult
no i dont hate him lol i just find it kinda weird
Ok a weird one but interesting #TipsTues. How to smell fresh at dance class by applying deodorant the correct way:
PijushDu : sejournal : 10 Brands Who Got Weird to Achieve Their Marketing Goals by albertc
I have! Preordered get weird too :) #lovemelikeyou
it feels so weird wearing a dress at school
Fotoset: walkingdanbo: Hinata. I always thought you were a dark, hesitant, and slightly weird person. But...
*tastes something weird in drink* *tries again to make sure*
Weird how someone can change so quick !!! Arsehole man
omg my twt is being so weird
Weird crawling into bed when you're all just now getting up
this isn't really weird but..
omg... Why were we so weird?
Ever seen a survivor of Breast Cancer?u would know that it doesn't care if your breasts are as small as Cherries or Bigger t
Vices Virtues or Too Weird to Live, Too Rare to Die for V V FAV for TWTLTD
Why Is Your Tongue White? 4 Weird Tongue Problems And Their Symptoms SEE DETAILS HERE>;>;...
Watch pit of deadly rattlesnakes snatch man's GoPro.. before he fearlessly gets it back
Thanks to hives my face feels weird
My good friend posted this beauty I just want to get my gay on with her do weird stuff! It! htt
Seems weird how Everton vs Man Utd ain't broadcasted on TV on Saturday
" I\'d rather be weird than boring."
it just looks weird, and I'm saying it as 'rooves' in my head. 'f'' and 's' together make a weird sound.
Ekiti people can be bright like that. Thanks you very much, don't mention *adjusts shirt*
in a great mood this morning, this is weird
Life is too short to be normal. Stay weird. TOSTILLAS PartyParty
it's weird lol idk maybe a phase or maybe not
Someone on my bus just asked if he scratched a girls leg would it be weird
I've been eating watermelon all morning and now I feel weird. Yuck
One of our ER docs gave me his number today. He's older than my dad. I feel weird and just no. #NurseProbs
These vivid ass dreams I'm having lately. I never dream so this is weird.
I hate flirting. Idk, I see it as cheating. ..Yeah I'm weird. #PandaBot
The coup d'etat mv is hella weird but I LOVE the colour scheme
SOBRE A ERA GET WEIRD: VEM MONSTRO
Its all weird how I went deep with it
weird, it got me way more excited for the game
this shit is so weird got me tripping
istg macson is on the weird side of youtube 24/7
Weird sa hell
Weird horse neighing key in toilet
weird as it is I can imagine you saying this
people who sleep in full on pyjamas every night are a bit weird aren't they
Your smile. Your eyes. Your voice. Your lips. Your hair. Your laugh. Your hands. Your humor. Your weird faces.
Had a weird dream that I was trying to build the #DoctorWho #LegoDimensions set and couldn't figure out which leg piece was Clara's...
That's a weird thing to say but ok.
I must look like the biggest idiot on the bus bcus I just sit there making weird faces in the back of the seat bcus looks funny
You why are you ignoring me? And I'm supposed to make an indirect for you pfft... Okay whatever youre cool weird +
Bollywood celebrities and their weird demands
Both USC coaches gone. Just weird....
Weird @madibmorgan
It's such a weird thing to say. Vaginas don't get depressed. I know because I have one. It just kind of... sits there.
Weird... It's almost as though the UN couldn't care less about Israelis being slaughtered in the streets...
I've never sub tweeted anyone, the paranoia alone is a fearful thing. You'd know all about that wouldn't you
Just noticed what a weird word "coquette" is: female rooster. How typical to criticise women for engaging in stereotypically male behaviour!
. it's a weird condition #uk #hiphop #music #vinefamous #versace #remix #UKVINERS #musicvid...
I know its weird actually
This may sound weird but I wanna feel like I'm being raped while I'm getting the best dick of my life
It's so weird, but I'll honestly admit, I can make a Stitch impression, it's great.
Weird as this sounds I'm proud of how far you've come, having watched you from when you did go the Dist
Calvin Harris may have money and fame but he is still a bad nerd. Can't even hold onto a woman coz he is probably dead possessive and weird
I will dead only ask a mami for her phone like if i need to use the internet or something but if u act weird when the phone in my hand.....
Can You Guess Why This Teenager Was Sent Home? #weird
such a weird world, where fairy stories are colliding with real lives.
On the way to the conference to talk about Synge's weird little dialogue, 'A Rabelaisian Rhapsod
I just want Saturday to come because I'm going to my friends house to work on a project. I'm excited.... Is that weird??
really.....quite weird though
I liked a video from Dinosaur Alert! - Games Are Weird 153
HAHA it's q normal he always does this type of weird shit
I'm affected but I can't feel any hurt. How does this possible? Weird.
It's not that far from GameBoy, which is throwing both brands into a really weird light.
So weird, starting my new gig today. I know it's only orientation but still exciting to start a new chapter in life. Hope I can stay awake
what word do you use instead of cheeky? That's so weird
That weird moment when one of the regular customers I see at work is on the same bus as me
Yes, they're weird. #PSYHiwalay #PushAwardsKathNiels
Woke up my baby was in some weird ass position that shit felt funny
Weird to hear of people getting weepy over a #vulcan bomber without hearing of people getting weepy over bomb victims. Nice plane, awful use
10 Brands Who Got Weird to Achieve Their Marketing Goals by #contentmarketing
Japan Can Be A Weird Place
i have these weird bumps on my arms tho its like some weird skin thing
Hah! I'm weird
I start posting weird stuff and boobs sometimes
Beyonce Goes Topless In Raciest Shoot Yet
Not a weird thing at all. Think about how SM approaches their labor practices. Fits within their labor view.
you should put this picture as your icon I feel weird for telling you this... I love you Matty!
hahahahahaha what the fuck thats so weird
why did it take you all these years to realize Kevin is weird?
and why they said math paper yesterday was hard while it quit easy. this is just too weird
Can I please just have a genuine conversation with Michael and sit and chill and drink coffee and talk about the weird world we live in ?
I think I've slept on my shoulder weird. It's been hurting all morning.
is it just me or sometimes does water taste weird...?
Let's be weird together.
hahah, you know what's really weird? i'd never once considered that my time might have more value than money =/
that's so weird like everywhere else does
I always love going to school after thanksgiving and talking about how weird our families are
i feel like my thread of tweets to thomas probably make me seem really weird
Maybe I just don't have a life? Is that why I'm such a weird person?
My friend showed me "CustomGrow420" and he makes Millbob looks grounded, honestly. YouTube gets weird.
I know this might sound weird but i was trying to go back to bed and just thought about jacob, that dude is my happy place man
I'm starting to get weird again.
That weird moment when you and your boyfriend wear the same shirt on accident.
Top 10 Weird (and Creepy) Pokedex: melalui @YouTube
This Why I Don't Fw Ugly Niggas .. They Weird
All of these chicks are starting to look the same.. Everybody want to be THAT chick.. I appreciate my weird, regular girlfr
#BetterDebateQuestions Would the country be better off using The Transformer Thundercats to fight ISIS?
?? you're weird e n e HAHA jk
Date someone you can be fucking weird as hell with who at the end of the day still wants to get naked with you.
"actually i was surprised how smart Putin\'s speech was." "thats why i like him, i mean in a weird way."
Weird Girl and What's His Name and The Rose Society is out today. Happy book birthday to you, too
'Add' some magic to your cauldrons with some weird and wacky ingredients; rub the ghosts and see if you've solved...
The welsh language is extremely weird//cool
yeah...lots of weird stories about this one too....all dead bodies on board...may have been remotely flown??
I don't really like Rikiya... but if is happy, I'm fine with him. Love is love.. and it can get weird some times.
weird. i just watched magnolia on sunday. so good.
Overheard: me: is it weird to talk to yourself? me: no
I'm happy cause you're happy, so hurry up! It'll be weird but I'm so excited,can't wait! Love you X #ZaynWeAr
it's weird saying I'm 16 like what when did this happen
Is it weird that I think my ass looks really good today?
If I could go ohe night without any weird dreams, that'd be nice lol
Rate 1 to 10 how weird are you? Overrated
it's so weird to me that there are people who don't cry at least 10 times a week
I have to admit, it is weird, but hilarious. #minecraftstorymode
I enjoyed it, everything made sense at the end. I just thought it was a little weird :-)
Then, I'll tell you about my friends. They're very unique (read: weird) and.... u,u
I found it weird how the moment I approached my group of friends, the Nagisa High students appeared. What is this a QuickTime event trigger
. It's weird seeing Battlefront with one, but it's standard fare. I think you get an emote with it.
Ma dukes been so nice lately , shits weird ...
Ang weird.
Why would all these weird ass kids just sit next to me
the metaness game-within-a-game of 8 is so weird and doesn't work at all. funny seeing lagertha as a slasher victim tho.
ric is weird why wouldn't they skip Monday
Toni Braxton and Fetty Wap have my favourite weird singing voices. They always sound like they've just stopped crying after being beaten.
Why is keem such a freak? So what if someone said summit about your kid in the Internet, you're straight weird to 'go say hi' to him like
Awards for art, literature, music, acting and so on are weird. No piece of art is objectively 'better' than another - it's all subjective.
#Yixuan \'s new drama is called "Female CEO\'s Personal Master" (Weird Translation haha) Some pics of the casting.
Why Is Your Tongue White? 4 Weird Tongue Problems And Their\xffSymptoms
Isn't it weird how songs just End
N's ROLE IS SO CUTE AND WEIRD AND I LUV IT SO MUCH LIKE HES SOC UTE WITH EUNJI OMGGGG
Oprah magazine is so weird.
so there's this kid in my school who has a ridiculously big Afro that i make fun of everyday today he straightened it its so weird
yep i'm on the weird side of youtube again
It's weird how much your life can change in a year. Things get easier when you set goals.
That's weird that's weird looking you're a pretty little thing
Weight-lifting gran proves life begins at 50: This shared interest in fitness gives the Pennell family the opp...
The Reddit crowd had some weird ideas, but I might steal this one
At school on time, this is weird.
Weird he doesn't look like OSH here
Why are people so terrified of a women's menstrual cycle!?!? It's no different than any other weird body function.
I had a very interesting conversation about Columbus Day yesterday. It's weird how we celebrate an event that led to such heinous atrocities
California Contest Dubs 1,969-Pound Pumpkin the Plumpest - ABC News - via @ABC
" Life is too short to be normal. Stay weird." HAHAH
I just don't get it. And I don't think I ever will. And I don't think I'll ever stop trying to. Just weird how it all went down.
When ur a kpop fan -Ppl will judged you because you like koreans -Ppl will tell you that you're weird. -Ppl will call you
wtf crab meat and chocolate kimbap eeee so weird
Hahahahaha but to tattoo there that's fcuking weird!
That's when you know you have a weird taste in music
I keep multiple to-do lists people think it's weird but says that's the way to succeed! #productivity
is it weird that i get emotional watching hsm3
It's weird when I get emotionally connected to someone.
The more weird you are, the more fun you are tbh.
#Huffington Eat A 30-Pound Burrito, Own Part Of A New York City Restaurant
The new owners of Oscar Pistorius' home have filmed a 'tour video' and it's the strangest thing you'll watch today..
weird. Ive been up since 2:30 too. lol.
'I was abducted by reptile aliens who raped me on the moon every night
SEO News: 10 Brands Who Got Weird to Achieve Their Marketing Goals by
Are you joining in 'No Bra Day' today? The breast cancer awareness day may not be all it
How To Get Ex Back: Learn a weird secret to get your ex back using simple text messages on your phone!
Student Sorry for Mac and Cheese Meltdown, Says He's Ashamed - ABC News - via @ABC
10/13/15 WEIRD AS F
imm in a weird hyper mood
I'm happy cause you're happy, so hurry up! It'll be weird but I'm so excited,can't wait! Love you X #ZaynWeAreReadyForYourMusic
It would be weird if an AWU leader didnt have this position. Wikileaks made that pretty clear.
why im so weird ?
Life is too short to be normal. Stay weird
So weird feels like Ive know the uni lot for 3 years not 3 weeks
MY BODY IS WEIRD DON'T BLAME ME! FINE I'LL THINK OF SOMETHING ELSE JUST LET ME LOOK IT UP.
I think you mean *weird dad :) xx
it's weird actually being in class
bitch shut up and don't ruin my happiness like this weird hoe did
A new favorite: weird times w/ mr. carmack j. gotti by [famous culture] on #SoundCloud
lol how weird
Ekiti for life fam. Might have been a shit Governor but he's an intelligent bloke all day long.
People seeing me eat are probably wondering what's wrong with me since I make weird faces because it hurts so much to swallow
Shoutout to the weird bastard mass out-bidding me on RM>;RW cards and making 25 coins profit.
nah, they look weird :( I want a chunky set of legs
Weird morning
Weird !? Why not .....
One thing I didn't miss about pregnancy is all the crazy weird dreams.
these jr high kids weird af
OMG See The Most Controversial And Weird Sick Leave Policy You Can Never Think\xffOf
ALL HAIL QUEEN OF WEIRD VOICE NOTES!!
sejournal: 10 Brands Who Got Weird to Achieve Their Marketing Goals by albertcostill #socialmedia #digitalmarketing
25 Pics Proving Kids Are Almost Too Weird To Function
You need a drivers licence to use these weird-looking scooters #london
It's weird how old songs bring back memories
#Tax Lawyer has Weird Old Trick to avoid #FBAR penalties (the #IRS Hates him!)
Kissing is so weird man like "fuck i\'m so attracted to you let\'s bang our mouths together and share saliva"
He are so weird and idiot but I love him
Kinda weird it's a Sunday launch, but I guess that means I can get there like 6 hours early.
Achieve Your Marketing Goals by Getting Weird | SEJ
Its weird to see #Persona so main stream as of late, I have always loved the series and I am glad too see it grow so large!
10 Brands Who Got Weird to Achieve Their Marketing Goals by Creating conte... #Avada #Themeforest
Had a dream I was stuck in the gym and this one guy kept asking why my leggings were tight... weird
#searchenginejournal 10 Brands Who Got Weird to Achieve Their Marketing Goals by John
Yeah i mean its a weird as fuck game, and not as fun if the audio glitches out on ya. Dat Low quality doe :(
10 Brands Who Got Weird to Achieve Their Marketing Goals by Creating content that is on t... #SEO
10 Brands Who Got Weird to Achieve Their Marketing Goals by via @sejournal
One of the reasons I love and miss my friends so much is because they accepted how weird and odd I was.
God Bless you Aubree!(so weird to typelol) Thank you! I'm gonna do my best, because YES WE DO!!! (Your tweet made me)
i keep deleting the snaps on my story bc there's this one kid that's really weird and clingy but he's nice so i don't want to delete him
My neighbor has like 6 huge dogs would it be weird if I was like "hey can I borrow ur dog to run with for a little"
10 Brands Who Got Weird to Achieve Their Marketing Goals by #seo #seotips
SuperHero dolls might not be sexist. But they are a bit weird
i love how act like normal people on Instagram and post weird selfies
10 Brands Who Got Weird to Achieve Their Marketing Goals by Creating content that i...
They hella weird lol
its weird when you look at old films of London, and the streets are way less crowded. Our current cities are very squished!
Yes! Embrace the weird! I love characters! They make life more fun.
goodmorning today is gonna be a weird day to say at least
#socialmedia 10 Brands Who Got Weird to Achieve Their Marketing Goals by #digital #online
I really don't like these kids at my school, they're weird af man
This is so weird yesterday I was on the top of the world now I'm at the bottom of the ocean :'c
yeah that's weird I didn't even know there were people who copied Ariana !
10 Brands Who Got Weird to Achieve Their Marketing Goals by #SEO #SMM
I knew there was something weird about you :P you def resemble him xD
prettyboyshyflizzy: WHEN THE WEIRD WHITE KID FROM BIOLOGY STAS ACTING UP ON TWITTER GUESS WHOS NOT GOING...
I know so many weird things about 1d but none of the simple stuff I could tell you Harry's blood type but not his fav
There are girls yang still uploaded selfie on social media with captions, "ew buruk" "selekeh" "i look weird". THAT TRICK
why would that be weird? Is this a masculinity thing? How fragile is that shit?
#WelcomeTweet Thanks for following! ;-) Need a laugh? Enjoy my weird/geeky/clean/free/funny photos:
It gets weird with a threat to unfollow or block Um, ouch I guess, wierdo. Still gonna love ya though! xo
Weird how Paul Ryan isn't yet Speaker. Per the media, was a pretty sure thing 5 days ago. And the media's right about everyt
oh really? It's so weird how it affects everyone differently.
10 Brands Who Got Weird to Achieve Their Marketing Goals by SearchEngineJournal
i can barely imagine being a knifer on console but on pc that just seems weird
I'm weird and crazy.
It's weird saying see you in a month to my family lol
the debris office always smells so weird wtf.
Weird living in a city where no one knows who Purple Aki is
weird how NFL has all these "mistakes" since draft kings and fan duel came in the scene eh?
It's not royal blue, are dark, it's like some weird color blue but it's really cute.
So that was a weird/surreal Monday night. Got a feeling today is going to be about the same. Lot of details still to come.
Will and I are so weird. I love us
I really know some weird in real life one of my "Associates" is reacting horribly cause niggas clowned him on Facebook but .....
There is some weird folks on here. Sorry, you don't get to see my tweets but have yours private. Doesn't work that way
It's so weird seeing someone you used to tell literally everything to. Time goes by... you don't even know how to sa
Intelligent too
Australia is a weird place, I must say that :') But I love it here, I've never been anywhere else, but it's not that bad xD
OMG, #CrazyExGirlfriend is so freaking weird!!! Not sure yet if I liked it or not! #seriesaddict
Quit Whining and Man Up!!!: This is going to sound weird coming from a guy who makes a living, in part, by pointing
;) and yes mad max is amazing dude, definitely exceeded my expectations. really weird to have heard negative reviews on it
The people outside don't know anything about it so they'll see it weird you feel me? But here we do n we appreciate
This is a weird piece eh?
It's so weird how one small thing can ruin my entire week.
Dear 4ever4, You're weird, You're stupid. I'm like that, too. I guess
Some weird ass french incursion came to our school today (it was actually pretty gr8 tbh) and the guy sang a call me maybe parody??
There is a weird smudge on my camera lens lol anyways had SUCH a great bday w/ my best friend #blessed
I never wear boots, so I feel extremely weird rn
This class got some weird mfs in it
All eyes on right now.
It would indeed have been a sad day had they been able to halt such strides. They hold no sway in the matter.
Royal Mail fucked up an eBay transaction so much that I've now exchanged so many messages with the seller that it feels weird to say goodbye
its fine boo boo... Yes Im weird. Sorry xD
She was always crying. Crying with a tissue on her palms. No one was there to help erase her tears. And she was all left alone. Crying.
woke up with a weird feeling but whateves
Have a really weird/bad feeling about today ;-/
I'm confused. Is he saying instead tweeting you should physically attack people so hospitals have more work to do? Weird.
3. Jews, in the guise of Israel, are a white bulwark against the Arab world, not to mention a weird piece of crackpot pro
I keep having weird ass dreams about the sameeeee person lol tf
Just wth these unknown weird af candidates come from? Hell, they don't even know the qualifications to be a president.
What's nice about #SecondLife -even when Halloweens over, all the crazy weird stuff still goes on :)
yes, that's fairly creepy then! 'I'll correct your grammar then take your cute dog pic for myself' #weird
How to Honeymoon on a Budget (the Unusual but Fantastic Way!) #frugalliving
someone else was like "well maybe it\'s not weird for you to have women doing makeup beside you"
This sounds amazing, but they all look so weird without their instruments haha
me and my weird imagination
Why is The Trot so hot?
Is Dan Touhy injured? How didn't he get called up instead Mike McCarthy. Weird.
make it the issue,then tell me it s not the issue?weird
will you be bringing the Weird Beard specials to Salford Kumar?
I am so weird, we ran outta cotton balls and my ear hurts really bad so I blew my ear with a hair dryer (to get...
had no clue at all bro !! Randomn weird guess ..
Like you need an excuse to have a weird sleep schedule. Lol
this is so weird how michael tweeted to ray and mikey where most of the people replied like aww me too my fav band can you even name them
it looks so weird
Could your love of black coffee mean you're a psycho? The study that's making the Weird today in the #GoodBadWeird @ 7:55! #Rising
It feels weird not going to work right now
"What does Leslie always say?" "I don\'t know, weird stuff about waffles?"
The people that enter the cube are so weird it's like they've never seen the games played and just enter for a laugh.
oH ok that would have been weird. bc ur my son. I dont want to feel like i wanna fuck my son. That's just,,,
people that aren't Claire/Clare's are weird.
Is it weird that I loved that interview ?
My teacher: you're failing Me: Excuse me .. I got 10/10 in a spelling test once... for some weird reason autocorrect is f*
I don't follow those with weird nicknames so sorry :p
i had the weirdest dream last night like its so weird its funny
Real Girls In Sexy Lingerie (Photo Gallery)
Spent last night dreaming that I got to hang out at @younghouselove's house with them. That's not too weird, right?
I HAVE TO GO THROUGB THIS WEIRD SHIT AGAIN
i feel bad for thinkin nakta was weird looking on mydol
Obama: "America\'s greatness stems from a sense of \'nagging dissatisfaction\'." Where does he get these lines? Weird
Hey #fitfam there's a point when you start to look like a man. Weird.
Wow you're so weird
(is weird in Spanish)
Man Stopped When He Heard A Weird Noise In His Car, What He Found Shocked Him!
Homophobic men are so obsessed with gay men . It's so weird .
like I see their face on here all the time so I guess that's why they were just put into my dream??? I sound weird I'm sorry
National no bra day? You people are really fuckin weird.
Been having some really weird dreams lately
Got a TCA peel so I have no skin until it grows back lol weird shit lol
Murder Suspect, Trial Witness Mistakenly Put in Same Cell -
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO and damn I knew yuna was weird but shes gone off the rails
no wonder you behave so weird. Soon you'll be transported in Nigeria.
It still freaks me out when people ask if I'm married. Like I'm actually old enough to be, it's still weird.
We say the weirder the better. Weird Ways Top Tech Executives Relieve Stress via #business #coach
lmao a nation-wide celebrity just transferred to a friend's old high school this is so weird
Isn't it weird that 5sos are actually famous and when you realize it you're like wha t no
I feel so weird without moustache
weird, I see a bunch in mp
I know it's weird to admit this, but a trading card game has helped me acknowledge my own shortcomings, which is pretty cool
rt if u think teachers r weird fav if u think they r amazing i think their weirdos!!!!!
This is gonna get weird haha bring it on
Thankyou Glasgow for coming to say hi. Sorry we couldn't meet everyone but hoped you liked a little acoustic of Hey Everybod
you're only human
... Just don't get heard of.
Idk why tf I always ended to those fuckin weird vids
You know your childhood was weird when the song you remember most was by @BowlingForSoup
It's weird how constantly complaining about your situation hasn't done anything to improve it
Why am I so weird. Oh well. #Cubs #FlyTheW #MLB #weird
Marie on some weird shit
What about you, weird kid? Don't take this the wrong way, but you look like a panty sniffer.
Weird Facts About the P0rn Industry See more click here>;>;>;
Most times, these acquisitions pay neither parties. The purchasing company seldom make any real profits and the company purchased...
7 Pics of the Weird phenomena of Albino Animals See here: .
Me my girl act weird as shit together and stay making butt ugly faces
I'm laughing so hard on A A..some questions are funny others are so weird
Weird how Paul Ryan isn't yet Speaker. Per the media, was a pretty sure thing 5 days ago. And the media's right about everything.
LM are trimming my hair with the 5 songs they released from get weird and then I'll be scalped once the album is out
Spending dinner at North Lindsay was weird
she called me Sierra that's weird
weird to think 2014 January neck deep played audio n now 2016 gonna be the academy???
it's kinda weird to see Dan in a cast again
is it weird that i LOVE baby bumps?!
Weight-lifting gran proves life begins at 50
That 'Rewild' account is some weird guy/group who always trolls anyone whenever they tweet about the Chagos Islanders.
yeah it can get pretty bizzaro pretty quick. Brains are weird!
Stay Weird. :"D
booncabe, roses are red violet are blue i know iam weird but i love you
omfg this weird ass old dude just tried to give me his number at texaco
Is it weird that I wanted to join in when everyone was rejoicing and celebrating Jane\'s "milk coming in"? #JaneTheVirgin @HereIsGina
I don't like sleeping over people's house bc I have weird sleeping problems
that's fucking weird lake
That's so weird, haha! And you're very welcome! x
Things feel weird, something in the air in Sheffield I tell you
Just bought a gingerbread latte and now I feel inappropriately festive! Someone throw a pumpkin at me.
I know.Lost it when i shouldn't have.
i just seen this and had to control a loud laugh and did a weird smile instead
It's so weird you saw that tweet in the first place because the girl we talked to yesterday thought you were a different
Women are weird chale. Every one of them.
is it weird that i read this with your voice in my head?
it's silent outside right now, weird
If Trump hates women, why did he put a woman in charge of constructing his signature building in an industry dominated by
why kangnam office promised to post his photos ...that is weird...
i know so weird
Just saw on campus. Lols I stared too long. Must think I'm so weird. Was nice seeing you though
Scrubbed myself silly both times.
School would be better if I wasn't such a weird kiddo... It's fine though, I prefer to be weird
I still locked it in, but it said 4am on 14th. Weird
Too weird how much drunk Ella was like my dad last night.
It's so weird being back at my grandads house
Purchasing a company for multi billion dollars means you see potential and you want to help consolidate it and elevate it.
Twitter: Where talking to strangers isn't considered weird. #GiveTwitterASlogan
And the waists are too high and that looks weird. Too short is one thing, but obviously sitting wrong is another.
Dear lady applying makeup on the T, don't look at me like I'm weird for staring. I'm not the one grooming myself on public transportation.
weird to think how far they have came in a few years
Weird but love how there's no arguments, bitching or fall outs in my year this year common room brings ppl together x
Itunes UK Black Magic 34. (-1) Love Me Like You 16. (+1) Get Weird 186. (new)
Very weird
Its so weird where ppl r trying to tell me the future and all i think about is food!!
I wonder if other dogs think poodles are members of a weird religious cult. Rita Rudner.
my room usually has this paper smell to it, kinda weird.
Ive been having some pretty weird dreams lately
it's weird not getting a text from you now
Please don't make it weird by asking me to perform anything beyond breathing today.
Dear Parents, Thanks for giving me such a weird name. Sincerely, my name is never on those customized items.
I am weird and I can do everything
he's so weird LOL
its extremely weird that i don't have my phone
wait, I was literally thinking that! It looks like its out of a weird movie.
The squatter has hiccups. This feels as weird as you think it does, if you've never experienced the feel of something hiccuping inside you.
Been up like 10 minutes and it's already been a weird morning
its so weird having nash on the other side of the world, now i know how international people feel having nash so many hours behind/ahead
I don't know if I'm more disgusted by the weirdos or the people who eat weird things. The girl before ate vapor rub like wtf
Its gunna be 2016 soon, that is fucking weird, I've only just got used to being in 2015 tbh
You might equate women accompanying women to the washroom to men taking smoke breaks together, but it's not the same.
wasn't weird for a year and 6 months
yeah she weird bro
Been having weird dreams lately... like really really weird dreams.
5 of 5 stars to You're Never Weird on the Internet by Felicia Day
Theres this one fountain in the city that smells like dish soap and cologne; it makes me feel weird.
i wouldve been like cool an emo chick and then .. actually i don't think it would've been weird, i'd just have to adjust my game
Sometimes, I don't get the reason for some mergers and acquisition in this contemporary society. Just doesn't make sense.
is it just me that gets that weird lump on their little finger from holding your phone with your little finger by the charging socket??
>;_&lt; It's head looks weird~ It doesn't look like a character you would see in Fairy Tail~~ I was aiming for that
I know I look weird but this is the outfit I pieced together
One star has words for @justinbieber's DAD after he posts a weird tweet: @1035KISSFM
I'M NOT WEIRD I'M LIMITED EDITION
So why is no one tweeting about the weird discolored ass sky??
Its weird that people still freak out when a cat crosses their path. I bet the cat deliberately does it, just to watch us freak out.
I dropped my phone and it's doing something weird I hate my life
It's weird how I only get annoyed quickly with certain people.
Hahahaha, sorry it sounds weird.
ah I will. The staff might think am weird in ladies section but I will promise ya report back ha
driving to school in the dark is so weird
what a weird way of putting it, 'I want to be an experienced designer', rather than just designer. Skip the crap bits maybe?
I got the weirdest dream ever last night, was fighting and there were even bombs and planes and idk it was so weird
twitter is weird nowadays man
...that's weird.
Its weird that with my new job i am almost halfway done with my shift before i even see the sun
why he keep favoriting and unfavoriting my tweet you weird
Kahit may exams na bukas... Mr.Bean in CN. That's weird
yea didn't sleep alone for four days so it felt weird last night lmao
I liked a video from Driving Physics - Games Are Weird 150
There are 5 albums I want 1. Made in the A.M 2. Sounds Good Feels Good 3. Get Weird 4. Crybaby 5. Badlands BUT IM BROKE
Weird Graphics Driver/Display Problem
Super weird. It tastes like real bread, cheese and sauce but you can't taste the meat at all.
Hot Girls In Tight Shorts
the shame. Genuinely never felt the need
I have this weird problem where I can't focus on schoolwork until it's dark outside
mine are just too weird though...
Your article about the 10 brands who got weird, to succeed was so insightful, and a great look at some great campaigns! @albertcostill
It's weird how I'm always happy when your around or I'm talking to you
I need to get back in the gym being skinny feels weird
Theres a woman on this train making some sort of bizarre duct tape quilt or something. Is that a thing or is she just weird?
Check out this item I found on eBay: #Checkitout #WonderShowzen #buyonlinehour #BuyItNow #funny #notforkids #weird
I have some weird fucking dreams
Back to short nails now feels super weird
Personally, I feel really weird looking photos of people I don't know. But I'm also weird, so
aww shit she weird bro
This biology teacher has an unusual way of getting her classes interested
right?!? For real so weird lmao
Very sorry we can't meet everybody all the time, This girl being happy made me happy though My face looks weird
would it look weird if I did my Arduino/Zigbee stuff sa CBTL...
so weird seeing more suju members enlist, are they that old already? (siwon can just stay enlisted til the end of time though)
I'm not quite sure why my dad makes such weird faces, but Dad Alex are supporting the Aces today!!
i only had 3 hours of sleep but i feel so awake, it's weird
Yes! I think I'd still scream on a bus I'm that weird oops
jfc Barnaby with slick back hair is gonna be weird too
the world now is getting weird
Its weird to hear people say good morning and others say goodnight.
... Is the beginning of how bad it could go. Add that to the 'human factor' and you get a clearer picture.
its so weird that i met ariana honestly i still can't believe it and its almost been a month
These Facebook memories have made me realise how weird I was
"I thought it would be good for me to read the Bible again. And thats when weird stuff started to happen to us...." ht
Tess left a note. "They came for Ghost and now they\'re coming for me. Don\'t believe them. They\'ll make us all into Kios
Broad back on for Anderson after just one over. That was weird.
nasal sprays are kinda weird but they're v effective ye
The 14 Child Actors Who Keep Making Money In Other Really Weird Ways
is it weird that I listen to dirty dancing by Tion Phipps every morning\xa8 @itstionphipps
being without the rest of my powerpuff girls is so weird
Weird: You know what they say about Chinese industrial explosions - two months later you're hungry for more [Scary...
OH GOD IT'D BE SO WEIRD TO DRAW A SHO DARCI---
omg italian food in japan is so weird
These Normal Looking Moles May Actually Be Skin Cancer! #weird
Deeply weird teenager refusing to smoke weed until it is\xfflegal
Just want to say that your recent story in was awesome! Thoroughly weird and wonderful ride #weirdfiction
i had such a weird dream about you @GarrettPerales
Deeply weird teenager refusing to smoke weed until it is legal
Chris so weird
My days off in work fall absolutely perfect for that DLDK.. Can't wait to get back the dam in March boss weird gaff that place
Only thing that i struggle with is work. I'm detached from it, its weird.
What's with this weird Independence day cloud??
I didn't like The Strain. But I have a weird soft spot for iZombie. Maybe because Mr Sark is the bad guy again.
is it weird that i walk to the bus stop with no shoes on?
Work people are weird
sounds weird huh.
I'm weird ?
i have gone to the weird side of youtube once again
Weird story right?
Feels so weird to have my alarm go off and not be headed to school or work
no one dates anymore just "talks" and its fucking weird
they snelled weird ugh
he reminds me of a re-gen player in Football Manager, his attributes don't match his position. Dribbling 20 but a CM. Weird.
What are you little weird bug? halp
94% of girls who use this weird trick everyday, grow long beautiful hair! click here:
Yeah, that's not weird.
saw this on Instagram and thought it was pretty weird to think about, "You\'re future self is watching you through memories right now"
Perpetuation of power has its advantages though. Stability amongst other things. That said, the potential for totalitarianism and autocracy
They used to think I'm weird now they think I'm harder
is not being weird. I'm being me. There's a difference. A small one, but ;til a difference
It's weird driving without shoes. (I'm wearing a onesie)
weird talagaaa
I'm listening to what your listening to (is that weird?)
Anonymous said: Still need suggestions? Try: The moon falling in majoras mask, Freddy crugar, any weird...
Sunbathing haha sleeps so weird wtf is her legs all about
All these weird af republicans sitting by me
maybe it's the arbitrary limit? Minds are weird. But yeah, no chocolate is safe after 9 here...
Weird people
I had a dream about you yo we robbed a bank an other stuff it was weird but I didn't getcto finish it so idk if we got away
jaunt weird bro I ont know Wassupp wit her
so weird my header actually matches my like pfp
10 Brands Who Got Weird to Achieve Their Marketing Goals by #SEO #search
You know the muscles at the very top of your legs just below your hips on the inside of the leg? Those are my favorite is that weird?
Yeah, I think I was slightly underwhelmed by the bunny thing. Although I did go dressed as a bunny that Halloween. #Weird
Weird Science (1985)
you make me sound so weird
always right? It's weird.
Weird how fast I can let go and move on without giving a fuck it's brilliant
I'm assuming that's some sort of Cubs thing? Pretty sunset - go Cubs! You're weird, Ruben. &lt;3
Mammi is really weird now o e o
Im imperfect, Im awkward, Im weird, Im ME.
Use to be scared to even go outside cus I had a nightmare where this dude was mowing our lawn at midnight. Weird ikr
Does anyone want to come over and play that game where you close your eyes and talk about the weird shiz your minds eye conjures up?
Just so weird there was no sign of life whatsoever so I'm legit confused
well u r weird too since u r my friend too :)
that sounds weird but you know what I mean haha
I had a weird reaction to the BK Halloween burger...
Today is weird. People start conversations with me instead of the other way round.
hah - how weird
Scottish people actually type in their accent it's so weird
>;it\'s a "dark" harem, due to the weird girls?
Thinking about starting QBs getting hurt this year, I have a weird feeling that Peyton is gonna be next
weird how someone just creeps in your mind one day and doesn't leave
Ever had sucha weird dream that you just stay awake so you wont continue that same dream.
The woman got some weird friends... The only normal ones are the girl who's like a falcon and the guy who is as calm as a dove.
lol sounds like some weird Spanish vibe but its unique so it could work
weird day at staples (Vine by @MikaelaLong)
im actually kind of freaking out so my dad's throwing me a weird look i feel so OA but idc ahaiaavaha
Fayemi on Burundi: I am not an advocate of 3rd-termism. Alternation of power is the best way to deepen democracy, not per
hi Dougie, I'm trying to understand Twitter...it all seems a bit weird
Slept weird, lots of remembered dreams...reminded me of why I'd rather slip through the night w/out recollection of my otherworldly travels.
gotta change my avi it just looks weird
i had a really weird enstars dream like two nights ago too?? i am p sure it involved detectives and chiaki doing smth weird
the fact that there has to be ads for no antibiotics in chicken is where our world is at right now, and that's just weird and sad
very weird ha. How are you Colton ?
It's weird that now my idols are my age or only 2 years older, like im so used to the 10 years gap
Humans are weird.
Speak something weird
My roommate is so weird
Some peoples personal hygiene on buses is actually horrendous. Surely your able to smell yourself?? Weird
JK THATS SO WEIRD
youre so weird
Fine girls on the TL, see them in real life, fucking overrated...Yes I said so
The concept of "double texting" someone being bad is so weird to me because I send like 5 texts at a time
dreams are weird sometimes
Feels really weird, going into Bath rather than Bristol to work.
It would be weird to be a celebrity, tons and tons of people know who you are, but you wouldn't even know a mere fraction of them.
nothin new actually .. Youre friends are weird and youre weird its life ya know
why is everyone looking at me weird for wearing a scarf it's cold okay
Funny weird winking ginger CAT Panties - Undearwear - Orange Cat - cat underwear -Cat gift-Kitty-gift for her-uniqu
Nice N Tight (Photo Gallery)
twitter is so fuckin weird
It's weird when you stop talking to someone who used to mean everything to you
It's already a weird ass day
That was bad ass Glasgow!!! We couldn't meet you all so we thought playing a song to you would be better #HeyEverbody
Weird kid\r#PSYHiwalay\r\rAnd\r\r#PushAwardsKathNiels
OMG See The Most Controversial And Weird Sick Leave Policy You Can Never Think Of: TO: ALL EMPLOYEES SUBJECT: ...
Weird getting off the plane in the UK and it's actually warmer!!
Why does my brain make up weird impossible scenarios to stress
Yeah:) It was not that bad as I expected so I took 2. Weird feeling! I hope it heals well! Would you like to see?
I was just tossing out some weird words to progress the weird words train ok?
some people are so weird
Jealous of dead exes obituary! Oh c'mon people.... #ltt #listen #weird #offbeat #news #love #podcast via @biteszHQ
You need a drivers licence to use these weird-looking scooters -
I had a kettle that wouldn't click off after boiling - very weird! #HelpUsLearn
the whole idea of school is weird, isnt it
I have been acting weird lately !!
im so weird all the time like i stg if you hung out with me once youd look at me in a different way
yeah, it just got weird.
36 Tweets Guaranteed To Make Brits Laugh Every Time #funny #weird
Yeah, the fact that I found out because they left a vaguely snarky comment on my FB makes it feel pretty weird to me!
List of Weird Unknown Discovered Animals #StrangeAnimals #StrangeCreatures #Unknown #Undiscovered
Be weird. Be happy. Be grateful. Be positive. Be open minded.
ok.....that was weird
I literally just watched this episode how weird
2015 is so weird
Feels weird going on a field trip in college lmao
because people are weird!
you're a genius! A weird genius!
I liked a video STABBED by SCREECH?! - Weekly Weird News
I wanna try that weird rolled ice cream thingy.
So #playboy bunnies will not be showing their tails anymore? #weird
today just feels soooo weird
I'm in such a good mood rn this is weird
Jamn945 and hot969 always playing the same songs at the same time. It's so weird
Im just saying lady marmalade had black voices. Foh tryna make some weird souped up country hipster version
I'm more excited about the team getting weird on Saturday than I am about the whole day lmao
Weird! It's gone. I think, haha!
Feels so weird wearing scrubs to school after such a long time lol
... Probably too much of an elitist too. What he has though is a vision.
.@5SOS' #HeyEverybody shot to the top of the #Trending140:
Service ace for Cignal!! 23-13 Cignal #PSLGrandPrix
haha! That old man was freakin weird! He was wearing two ties! lmfao The cubies....lol
always found it weird how some people say here as "hair" that shit still weird af to me
It's so weird when people call me Nicholas
It's weird that Chinese ppl go to a website and come up with a new name to use when they go to English speaking countries
it was weird af? But it was so fucking vivid I cry
goodly says this could be diclofebac or carisprodol or ibuprofen or Tylenol. Weird.
in the computer room in college, proper nerdiest set of twins here. mad weird look like horror movie psychos the pair of them
No Crayon Pop or MiHo? I must be special then to come w/ those. Or they're just weird
Thank you for making me happy on my bday....
That's weird: Facebook has been deleted off my phone. The app is totally gone. Anyone else?
"as a weird and pasty white boy, he couldn\'t do it" - kalani talking about Hayes Grier dancing
it's so weird seeing you performing at gigs because we used to go to school together
haha true but it works! just roll with it haha YES IT IS I WAS LOOKING AT THE MOUTH AREA (that sounds weird haha)
Thought of the day: Why do taxi drivers have them weird bead mats on the drivers seat
well aint tht weird
But I don't want to be first move its weird yay
This day last year was a hole lot diffrent for me weird how things change
Yeah this is already weird.
i'm srsly enjoying the traffic every morning, weird.
Boyfriend Discovers Something Weird Inside His Girlfriend :
try the licorice one its so fucking weird
You're weird af if you can't eat in front of a girl/boy you like. That's the most messed up thing I've heard.
You need a drivers licence to use these weird-looking scooters
The man has always been an intelligent chap. He's just not leader material. Tends to get caught in delusions.
I always get these weird mood swings where I feel so inspired to do everything I possibly can.
7/8-3/4-13/16: kind of weird and dynamic time signature.
I liked a video Destiny: something weird on venus patrol.. [Husky Raid]
i'm going to be a weird ass harley quinn
My def of Testing: Help a company be better,not just their software. but I'm just weird..
#LoveMeLikeYou no because I don't have iTunes but I'll buy Get Weird and I think I deserve the L-O-V-E!!
Thank you ginebra team....
MM - Awkward. Photos so awkward you won't be able to look away
I really wanted to kiss Jasper, but Dante was in the room and I thought it might be weird.
these kids are so weird
I sit at the same table every morning for breakfast, and I use the same shower and stall every day. Is that weird??
this show is officially getting too weird
I liked a video from The Bats Here! - Games Are Weird 151
I like to make weird faces in the mirror.
The door to door salesmen and religious pamphlet people hit up every house but mine. Who's weird now? :)
A good thing is perceived to be weird, boring, laughing stock , old fashioned etc while bad ones have been normalise and approved...ai
These People Were Trolled by a Fake Customer Service Rep! #weird
I told him if he saw anyone acting weird to go into a building and knock on doors for help. Is that even correct? I don't know.
weird and funny friends = the best
You can go up to a random kid and chat to them just cause they're cute and it isn't weird looooool
omg you need to be stopped its so weird u made up like all his cousins names like whhyyyy
You Wont Believe How Gay This Weird Bird Is
see if i didn't know that those were lyrics , this convo would be turning very weird
weird how whenever I'm thinking about you it always ends on thinking of someone else
Anong kaguluhan ito? Just got back from a busy day #ALDUBStayWithMe
No, can't have a hot drink and hot food at the same time thats weird, unless its a breakfast
My Weird Morning Ritual and Why You Need One Too
just weird how parents just have no fucking idea what you're dealing with because you don't trust them enough to tell them
gay and weird
and I have a weird family. Her brother is my dads first cousin. And we're half sisters. And her brothers brother
Episode one of FARGO season 2 was weird wonderful. Missing Billy Bob Thornton, but there's plenty of promise with new batch of characters.
are you just retweeting some kind of weird hyper-populist scottish twitter or... is this just how the kids are talking
When you see the thing that you were helping with 'live' with the contacts you gave in there, it's a weird when you haven'
people do weird things for likes, plus when u hash tag anything it attaches it to everything related to it #BlackLivesMatter
Brian and Max have a weird secret handshake.
Breakfast done. Weird combination of toast, prawn cocktail crisps, a pork pie and a twix... hope this doesn't mean I'm pregnant again...
Chips n sauce!!! Those Edinburgh folk are just plain weird!!!
I hardly sleep anymore, it's so weird
yh it's weird ain't it x
but its a korean show...thats why its weird
that's ever so slightly weird
The 11+ is a weird barometer of intelligence. There were three parts to it when I did it, dunno if it's the same now. Verbal reasoning was
Sorry guys but it is weird like, I mean, dad? Come on
I found goggles last night my eyes feels weird now
Looking forward to a lot of these! The five guys coming to plaza midwood is still so weird though.
After so long I saw you in dream. You look great in your graduation hat. Weird dream. It's a dream of mom not me. Long night. #pooh
no I did not! Weird!
its weird how some girls like to be my friend when I'm doing better than them (with their gorilla lookin self ).
This is might sounds weird
I feel like watching gintama. Random weird adult jokes here n there. Im tired from laughing so much
I don't :(
IT'S SO WEIRD I'M REALLY CRYING WHAT'S THIS THAT I'M FEELING
It feel weird when people say they see me every morning I don't ever see them
I've never worn glasses a day in my life this is so weird
[+909, -235] It wouldn't even be weird if Big Bang won all three of the daesangs. MAMA loses out by not -c-
Weird mo -.-
When all I need is just a girl with a weird personality lol
#WelcomeTweet Thanks for following! ;-) Want some weird/geeky/clean/free/funny photos? Enjoy these:
weird? awkward?
#WelcomeTweet Thanks for the follow! ;-) LOL at my weird/geeky/clean/free/funny photos here:
#WelcomeTweet Thanks for following! ;-) If you like weird/geeky/clean/free/funny photos, try mine:
Weird yes.
My new sounds: Dancing Through Time - Weird Experimental Electronic Piece on #SoundCloud
#WelcomeTweet Thanks for following! ;-) You can see my weird/geeky/clean/free/funny photos here:
#WelcomeTweet Thanks for the follow! ;-) Laugh at my weird/geeky/clean/free/funny photos here:
"Weird Wares: An Interview With Giant Swan
#WelcomeTweet Thanks for the follow! ;-) Enjoy my weird/geeky/clean/free/funny photos here:
Actually went to bed decently early last night in preparation for class... weird. #GoodNoodle
you too? that shit was weird.
#WelcomeTweet Thanks for the follow! ;-) You can find my weird/geeky/clean/free/funny photos here:
I feel sick, achy and I have some sort of weird bite on my side. Thank God I don't have school this week.
i hope this wont sound weird..but i think that kim seok i understand haha i get the same way i admire his legs
it's weird looking at who I started 2015 with and who I'm ending 2015 with
What Your Sleeping Position Says About Your Relationship
It's weird. 36 hours ago I just thought I had the flu or food poisoning. Who knew I need my gallbladder ripped out.
Still a weird lingering pain in my side
They look so weird up close .. I cant do it ..
There's no speed limit on anything. Graduate at 30? Sure. First kiss at 18? Sure. Don't judge yourself by your timing.
craigslist in general is a weird arse site for 2015
Just burned myself 3 times on the trot
10 Brands Who Got Weird to Achieve Their Marketing Goals by -
Lol... What?!
Okay that man so weird
Amani is weird af no wonder she single
Life is too short to be normal. Stay weird. Good evening
. I'm all about the weird, wonderful worm, Hallucigenia by @SBundell
So I just walked into homeroom. Apparently I lost my ID weird.
Why do people think it's weird that my favorite Disney Villain is Ursula?
yes!!! Specially if you like to dress weird! Nobody will look at you twice or comment anything. I really like it here!
YES! That's for real so weird I'm not one to judge like that.. My mouth hung open lol
" Excuse me .. I got 10/10 in a spelling test once... for some weird reason autocorrect is f***ing me over" slaay
Idk its kinda weird
I've done it once or twice....i felt dirty after.
Weird Household Items That Are Actually Cheap And Amazing Nail Tools
yo is it weird that I'm more excited for your album than my formal which is the day before sgfg comes out lmao
/shakes my head/ aniya- dont mind me im kinda weird today
Doesn't matter cause as soon as I step into work the kids are gonna wake me up . It's so weird how much energy they have so early
(54) it might have been weird tasting but it was good! And all the pleasures I had witnessed in a few hours,
And do not let people or this weird ass social media come between you someone you love .
If anyone wants a weird/ funny movie to watch, check out the ABCs of Death 2 on Netflix. It's worth watching.
Weird Tales and the Unexplainable #9 - Demonic Possession. via /r/Paranormal
senior year is weird because you have the time of your life, while simultaneously having daily mental breakdowns.
What's more disturbing about this @, the weird floppy penis, the muffin top or the desperate shower curtain. Le sigh.
weird how i lived here 6 years ago, angers me how it was on purpose, at least my grandparents next door are safe
DUDE THIS WEIRD LIGHT JUST FLEW BY MY WINDOW
Weird good feeling after yesterdays loss against I like challenges and i am happy realize
[V App 'Run! BTS'] Both of them always matching for something weird hahaha #sugamon #sugamonster #namgi
It's so weird that you have no choice to be born.
It will never not be weird for people to walk their cats.
Possible contender for weird story of the day!
Yep, I'm late. That's what happens with the combination of public transport+ weird crossroads and daydreaming about Diego Klatenhoff
Y'all weird
Had a weird fkin dream someone was laughing at me sayin "look at his skinny calfs" .. Fck off my legs are loaded. Cheeky. Very cheeky! #Pain
that was so fucking weird wtf
you're a weird dude
but a new show...now? they arent even promoting a new song..thats weird
this is so weird bec chy is also the loml....
Just liked this hot guys Instagram from 4 days ago by accident so I decided to like every single picture to make it less weird?? Idk...
Is it weird that I missed this feeling of being sore from working out? #nopainnogain
Feels so weird
This Tiny House Seems Weird From The Outside But When You Step Inside Whoa
it's so weird to think of life that way haha HEY!! I know right it has! :)
that dream was SOOO weird
Yes, certainly not an NHS one. So weird. o.O
Mahmud Dabshir Aden Refused to Let Pregnant Teen off Bus, Demanded Sex - Breitbart via @BreitbartNews
he's so weird
When you catch your friend doing something weird
Its weird how nervous talking about Paperbark makes me. Also don't use a phone for notes
you=weird
" is so annoying and weird like can she fuck off."
German makes ABDL stuff sound so... weird.
weird to think this time next year I'll be in college
Weird asf!
I just find it weird you were descriminating at me but youre not as pretty as I thought. Tsk. Poor bitch. I'll give you fight if you want.
IM LAUGHING dw it's only the first day of filing for candidacy so is all the weird people so far HOPEFULLY THINGS WILL BE OK
it's weird how I'm receiving these messages when I've been subscribing to the promo for a year now.
So weird and spooky that me and lee both experienced sleep paralysis at his the other night at the same time
Bloods in Cali so weird Lmaooo. Them niggas be extra for no reason
He from down south prob. Y'all weird My homie said he wanted these. We killed fool on IG
New review: Weird Space: The Baba Yaga by Eric Brown and Una McCormack #ScienceFi
Eye tracking is....weird. #GameDev #Dissertation #Research
Bruh! OH MY GOD IT'S SO WEIRD! I want to weep with fury!
dude I've been having some weird/bad dreams lately
Kensington Urban Business being weird.....
I can't help but think it'd look more like a Medusa-style head-dress. Which would look very weird on a bengal cat like me. :P
Get Weird Australian Tour is May 2016 #LittleMixInAustralia #LITTLEMIXTOURAUSTRALIA
woah that was a weird dream
This girl wears the same weird flare jeans and sneakers.... WHO WEARS NASTY FLARE JEANS
Never talk to me at 3am because I get very weird
The best relationship is when you could be weird together feat. Liza's false eye lashes #PushAwardsLizQuens
I liked a video Florida Man Has DRUGS! - Weekly Weird News
everything just seems so weird lately
Creative, confident and or intelligent individuals tend to talk to themselves more frequently.
But it\'s like my teeth not the weird small, it\'s the "they fit my face" small
weird ay lol
Every time I think MMA fans can't possibly get more weird, this happens.
well...... isn't that weird
Could your love of black coffee mean you're a psycho? The study that's making the Weird today in the #GoodBadWeird @ 7:5
i'm muslim too and i love the cover, am i weird? #EMABiggestFansJustinBieber
they followed other people I did. I know it's so weird. Like I understand if you follow Tay but if not it's weird
There's a piece with in this week's @TimeOutLondon, positioned as an interview, is actually 1 big weird uncomfortable chat about sex
Awareness gone wrong: #nobraday
Dancing Through Time - Weird Experimental Electronic Piece by Kabbalistic Village #EDMSoundcloud #EDMTrackURL #EDM
Are u fucking weird
Porn on tumblr is so norm. but when it's on Twitter it's just weird
HAHAH DO I LOOK WEIRD ???????
Kroger will now offer its transgender workers full benefits:
AMEL it looks weird but thanks aha :)
I had a dream was chillin in my house and some guys dog peed everywhere, weird haha
Im tweeting at you because rn my phone is in that weird ass charging station in DAC pls bring me a charger when you come!!!
Actually SO weird when guys lie about sleeping with birds why would you make that up #weirdddd
waking up without my girlfriend was really weird
Feels kinda nice being back at work. Weird
Every time I had a weird dream I look up the meaning for it.
Weird how halloween this year is on Friday the 13th
Also: working on Boot 1.2.6 + spring-loaded feels weird, especially when live-reload support in Boot 1.3
KnowFactsDaily: 11 Strange beauty pageants that are really Weird!!??
Bit weird that I really don't remember burning my hand. Yet there it is. Ouchy!
hey my mom just put makeup to cover my acne bc it's picture and ew but it feels weird
leh hwa el ragel 2alek eh ? Bs to be honest it is so weird especially when ur photos are private
lol u weird
It was really weird. I think.
WHY IS NO ONE DRESSED UP AND WHY ARE PEOPLE GIVING ME WEIRD LOOKS
there's some mean lady walking around yelling at people for showing their shoulders?? this towns weird
I don't wanna remember yung weird na dating ako. Hahaha. Not that I am not weird now. Wahahahaha
lizasoberawno: The best relationship is when you could be weird together feat. Liza's false eye lashes #Push
The 9 Wildest Planets in the Milky Way
'The LEGO Movie' will get a weird half-sequel before it gets a real sequel - HitFix
There is absolutely no downside to Tweeting weird stuff.
Ask him, "Houston to KC in the middle of the week, thats weird. Whats brings you up there?" Lol
Sounds like a farce to me. A bit cooked up.
people at this school so weird
haha weird af
It's gonna be soo weird cheering tomorrow after not cheering for a whole year, so excited though ??
Libel and slander is so fucking weird, honestly.
3 REASONS WHY ITS NOT IDEAL TO BE FRIENDS WITH YOUR EX 1. IT IS WEIRD TO REMEMBER WHILE TALKING TO HIM THAT YOU...
Some of these stem kids be so damn weird they worry about every single thing you do
Is it weird if I email Dr. McGinn's office to ask if they have any record of how many stitches I had after top surgery? I'm suddenly curious
It's so weird, I hope he doesn't ask me to fix it for him cause I have NO clue how to work fucking projectors
Am i weird for saying this
Idk. It's so weird. Stress is eating my sanity.
School hols always a bit weird for us here at the Towers. Where is everybody? #naepals
We're heard some weird stuff... needs investigation. Voters at current residence for 20 years being unregistered
Weird?? Is that some kinda new-fangled drugs the kids are into??
my body feels so weird
nothing we was juss tlkn bout how efron weird
It's weird how smells bring back memories, I'm making a home made soup reminds me of the soup my dad used to make when I was a little girl.
It's not only by posting pic. Please feel your boobies for swellings or weird tenderness.
You know a hashtag has done well when it's spammed by weird bots #InkyAwards
i slept in a weird position and now one side of my neck hurts why does this happen to me
I tried not to look weird as I stood in place with my baby badgers
Fayemi: says he met Ekiti IGR at N109m a month. Raised that to about 500m-600m. Towards the end when oil started falling
Some weird looking clouds in Dartmouth this morning
You're so weird sometimes. -me, to life
It's not so much about being weird but being different so you stand out, we all need USP!!
"I want to save the other worlds, but I also want to save live... Is that weird?"
if Courtney says 'I love chicken and chicken loves me' in a weird hillbilly accent ONE more time I swear I'm gonna explode
MN Police: Mahmud Dabshir Aden Refused to Let Pregnant Teen off Bus, Demanded Sex - Breitbart via @BreitbartNews
Good day after so many weird days :') Alhumdulillah :')
Oh PC doesnt have that english hindi weird accent! u knw what Indians kick her out of the country, believe me the world will welcome her
I don't think I'd even watch it tbf, weird as shit
you the weird guy okay I'm so done
well that got weird real fast
Feels kinda weird when someone throws off the balance of the senior parking lot lol
it's weird how they bend their legs
I feel so weird walking in late to school lol
I like staring I'm weird
This new Bond film could be a real boon for advertisers, weird no one has taken advantage.
I'm surprised at Radioactive being there. Immortal is very weird for closer. I feel like it'll end it on a slightly damp note.
Is it weird I like listening to songs about butts when doing squats? I mean those songs are pure inspiration... and beautiful poetry.
I find it weird when people have been dating for like a week and say I love you....
I liked a video from Who Broke Witcher 3? - Games Are Weird 149 (*Spoilers*)
First time in my high school career that I'm skipping 2 classes...it feels weird
ITS SO WEIRD THAT WE ARE STILL IN THE LEAD WE ARE ONLY LEADING W ONE K LMAO #EMABiggestFansJustinBieber
Groom Waits Anxiously For His Bride. The Second The Door Opens, Everyone Gasps
Weed soaked in LSD
New review: Weird Space: The Baba Yaga by Eric Brown and Una McCormack #ScienceFiction
true, just thought someone would have tried it, you commonly get a need madras. Weird innit.
weird is cute
Darione chantel are weird and cute to me at the same time lol
It\'s weird that only when I study, I feel like doing everything I usually HATE doing. *Opens textbook* "Today\'s a good day to cook briyani"
You need a driver's licence to use these weird-looking scooters - Yahoo News UK
Whose weird ? is weird
One day I tried to be normal...Weirdest 5 minutes of my life!! You normal people are weird I tell you! WEIRD!!!
Jace is so weird man
Treat others how you want to be treatedunless you're into weird shit like choking and name-calling. Don't do thatstrangers ha
This taxi driver is weird
my goodness! That's weird :)
he's so weird I LOVE IT (Vine by @tomlinson90s)
Okay I watched Stephanie's mv . It reminded me of a weird Miley Cyrus and L.joe wasn't in the video. Maybe they couldn't pay his fees
thank u guys for comin out to the radio station, hope you liked a lil acoustic song. see you next time !!
I guess young men don't get it when I ignore multiple weird messages back to back ....
Ummmm that's weird.....
Now it's that weird weather where it's colder inside than it is outside and it's way too hard to get out of bed
i do this really weird thing that whenever i feel calm i'd be like 'why am i so chill all of a sudden. oh there's school.' chill = gone
Find it weird that 5sos met everyone on Manchester and Birmingham but met none in Glasgow
nice to meet you carmen! :) the weird thing with me is that i watched svt tv, missed adore u era and now re-joined half-
Yes, furries can be just as weird, but it's not the point I'm making, I fight against MLP because it's creepy to think of a kids
I like intelligent people but I also like them enlightened, versed, versatile and with diverse interests. Accomplishment is by the way
blood is such a weird spelling im LAUGING SO HARD
Indeed.Excludes weekends ;-)
overhear some proper weird conversations when you're having a wee in coll
TheJournal.ie: You need a drivers licence to use these weird-looking scooters.
happy birthday kid. You have a weird fetish and you're kinda chill.
How I Made $17,900 in 26 Days Using a Weird Direct Mail Marketing Strategy
Get Weird Tour in Australia! FINALLY! Soooo... does it mean there'll also be an European tour? ;) *cough*Little Mix*cough*
Shit weird
"Get weird tour does not come to Latin America" #LoveMeLikeYouVideo
favorite your own tweets. Okay, something weird haha
weird question but did you add me on skype?
I had a dream last night that I was texting and he was a qualified doctor too #weird #gooddreamthough
Weird, yes, that's absolutely what its like to be human.
yea agree. Weird
Today will be very weird
BY THE WAY, FINALLY SAW THE MAIAN AND SICARIO. BOTH WERE WEIRD PERSONAL VIEWING EXPERIENCES BUT SO MUCH WONDERFUL FILMM
am i the only person who thought that miranda july/rihanna interview was weird and not that good??????
I do some weird things when I'm alone, for one I'm the best dancer.
Go Big, Go Weird, Go You, And Fuck Fear Right In The Ear : Via ChuckWendig
hahahahahah the ideia of wearing a coat inside home is so weird
Deep with Deepak! You Made It Weird with Pete Holmes: Deepak Chopra
The more I sleep, the more tired I am the next day. If I don't get a good sleep I'm fine for the next day lol I'm weird
10 Brands Who Got Weird to Achieve Their Marketing Goals by #SEO #Marketing
be an adult or is that some weird place?
I know it's so weird help me
Just gonna throw this out there...if #BabyBlahBlahBlah started trending it'd be cool but it'd mainly be hilarious. Such a
It b weird af when my ex likes me my bf pictures on Instagram
Hola Good day,night, afternoon who knows! have a fantastic day and weird
you guys got a weird way of writing dates smh
OH MY GOD YEAH GO AHEAD PUT TRASH OVER THERE WHY NOT ON THE TREE WHY NOT ON THE GROUND WHY NOT ON YOUR OWN PATHETIC FACE YOU ARE A DISGRACE
If Visio hangs or crashes often, disable the "Send to Bluetooth" add-in. Sounds weird but solves problems.
I kinda find it weird the thought that soon spn will officially end forever like what will I have to find to disappoint me then
they're really weird, kinda like the ones at college but worse
weird title
Rahmir being weird already
I think it's weird (and sort of rude) to call people by their last names in a language that doesn't have honorifics
Yall stay saying people weird maybe they jus not like everyone esle
WHY ISNT THERE A PIERCING PLACE Tf THATS SO WEIRD
Why go to all the effort though to get a really really long as fuck 160 char password, then not realise 2FA would alert? Weird...
it's weird not having jazzy sleeping next to me ):
It's kinda weird to think that I've been feeling so resistant to leaving YouTube and my passions that is feel like that. Lol. Silly I guess.
I get some weird Massachusetts station on 92.9 sometimes
Just gonna throw this out there...if #BabyBlahBlahBlah started trending it'd be cool but it'd mainly be hilarious. Such a weird hashtag.
It totally feels weird to have time to do anything i want, usually i'm covered in stuff to study Guess i'll enjoy this little while
Almost as weird as plane and train spotters
bitches is tf weird .
you're so weird.
I have this weird obssession with the thought of losing my arm and replacing it with a robot arm ???
I liked a video from You've Been Witcher'd - Games Are Weird 147
They call me weird because I don't dress, talk, think, or do anything the way they do it lol Ima always be different
"you\'re not like most girls...you\'re like weird quirky. i was talking about competitive swimming u find some way to relate it 2 madonna"
Fear is the mind killer, or so Dune Says. has more colorful ways of saying that
some weird spiritual music. could have been a TV show intro. sadly, I'm too far to see
Gratz soo weird!!
A really weird example of cultural globalisation
Be careful of remotes in the bed while sleeping naked. They may shift into "areas" and cause some weird dreams.
Car and horse people are weird.
**harry posting some weird shit on instagram** **insert miley screaming what does it mean** #EMABigestFans1D
Kind of weird that Jim Henson is dead but Kermit the Frog is still on TV?
Im very serious and have you seen my pictures I always look so serious and when I stand my knees do this weird thing!
Watch Five Finger Death Punchs Ivan Moody Go On Weird Rant Against Kanye West Social Media
The cool part of the bald one being on a weird shift for a week is I've already done some homework,
Strange Designs: 5 Weird Ways Tattoos Affect Your Health
You're crazy, weird and stupid and it makes me fall harder and deeper. GOOD EVENING EVERYONE! :)
I feel like I'm weird that I actually look forward to work
Like, it would be so weird to have Christmas with no snow.
My laptop is being weird again i don't need this. I just fixed it omg
It makes me wonder, is this some weird, twisted form of white guilt at work?
Ima start making really ugly faces at the weird kid that doesn't stop staring at me during this history lecture
Sexy Twins Always Win
selfie with a weird photobomber. hahahaha
#NoBraDay ok...thats a weird one...
IF YOU THINK A GIRL IS PRETTY DM HER TELL HER SHES PRETTY SHE WONT THINK YOURE WEIRD YOULL MAKE HER WHOLE WEEK I SWEAR j
I don't know, it's just going to be a weird day
yes it is. U cannot drug someone for sex and if a woman changes her mind bc u weird n u still take it...thats
She took his hand with a smile but this time she felt something weird. Like there was current rushing through her veins.--
I'm not weird
Scholes and Zidane are a little similar but agree it's a very weird comparison
Not that I'm complaining, they're just a weird band. As long as they don't turn up on stage with Robbie I'm happy!
I get some weird mentions haha someone just sent me a picture of their kitchen...
Weird Light
I know I'm a bit late to the #ColumbusDay game but Americans celebrate some weird shit #ColumbusDidNotDiscoverAmerica
Itunes Australia Black Magic 69. (+48) Love Me Like You 18. (+25) Get Weird 32. (+100)
I guess what I'm trying to say is... #anime's kind weird, you guys.
You're weird if you're not weird
because shouting out your random thoughts is weird.
Weird ass dream but fuck it bring my guyz home
what is this weird feeling :3
This should be weird to see this Saturday.
this leeceaf instagram account is weird how can someone be so obsessed with something that isn't real..bit far making facebook relationships
Lol ewe. And it feels kinda weird. Good weird
I find it so weird that I used to wake up every day at 6:15 with no prob and now waking up at 7:30 kills me
Lol at #NoBraDay Want to support those with breast cancer? Donate actual money instead of doing weird things for "awareness"
Weird things keep happening to me
Super weird that today's my last day being a minor #wheredidthetimego
Coffee shop people are weird dude.
Alicia left at 7 am to go for a 'brisk walk' .. It's raining out.. This is all so weird
i feel sick and weird, but not in the Like, Totally Awesome way
acting like I was tryna take a picture of his weird ass lol
I never like going to the nurse cause I find it weird it not being my mom. the nurse is so nice I never want to bother her.
"that was weird - ryan just told me he loved me" CASTLE X RYAN MAKE IT HAPPEN LOL
look so weird with glasses. Also they're crooked because my brother sat on them
This has been "Weird Shit Nelly Thinks About Before Work"
so weird not talking to rickey when hes all over my timehop from a year ago :-(
KnowFactsDaily: 11 Strange beauty pageants that are really Weird!!?? #photography
Complimenting people\'s eyes is kinda weird? Like "Nice orbs in your face that allow you to see things, they\'re aesthetically pleasing".Like?
The Parkson employees all gave me a weird stare seeing me pay for a Barbie doll. I quickly told them "ini hadiah utk adik perempuan"
The older I get the more freaky and weird the sex has to be for me to get off. Someday you're gonna have to smack my cl
all these shows but Ellen? that is kind of weird I would think that is the one he would be on
Weird walking around manchester and seeing Middlesbrough FC all over lmao
Oingo Boingo - Weird Science - #NowPlaying en | #SiguemeyteSigo
Foot fetish more interesting than a protein shake ... Gabo got an interview and he weird
lol..man no. It's some weird ppl on that strip.
Eye contact with someone cute is always so weird on my part, like sorry for being ugly look away
Harrison is weird af
I hate getting up earlier than usual but every time I do I actually put in effort to getting ready and I feel better is that weird ok bye
so weird I was literally just about to tweet about this!! So excited @EllaaOren
japan is weird. it's like, the most backward-forward country ever
I hope it wont be too weird lol @T_Songz90
I\'ve always a weird soft spot for the "other woman", in spite of the fact that I\'ve been cheated on and I know it\'s not pleasant.
Lost leopard takes wrong turn - and ends up in couple's living room
just looked at the squad, that does look very weird, unless we have no intention of playing our captain in the final...
Baby Does A Weird Trick With His Nose | AFV
Why BTS shouldnt be in WGM RM: too wild SJ: too girly JH: too funny V: too weird JK: too shy SG: don't give shit JM: the gir
the 6502 has a weird memory jump bug I think the NES implementation others replicate, so I'm not *as* worried now.
I didn't even drink last Saturday it feels weird as like I've been sober for one weekend guys wow
TWICE IN ONE DAY THSIJ IS SO WEIRD
DON'T CALL Me evelyn it's weird pls call me eve or evie
Is it weird that I'm starting to get REALLY nervous to meet tomorrow? I'm fine with now but shit I'm so nervous..
Im not weird, im a limited addition #BrookieBot
weird thoughts and feelings that I dont know how to process yet aye too much coffee
that was a weird tattoo you got on your hole
That one weird friend. w/ Cameron Dallas, #KingBach (Vine by @KingBach)
YES! The amount of serious eyecandy with these fashionably-weird clothes. AND GOOD LORD KAMENASHI IS SMOKIN'
It feels weird to wake up and not send you a goodmorning text
Still have such a weird craving for iced coffee
Kinda true Most interesting person everyone follows Gabo got an interview and he weird
starting college without helen by my side is going to b so weird, im going to miss schooling w her so much
Sometimes it gave me weird hairstyle.
-- It's me. {Feeling self conscious for no reason, I smoothed out my shirt. Why was Hanna making me nervous? That was weird}
My locker neighbor is weird
The weird types pertaining to baron: zMxB
It's so weird sleeping in on Tuesdays and Thursdays. I'm not used to having a class start so late
like idk i have this weird feeling in my stomach that he's going to die and if my beautiful rose prince dies i die too
Weird-As-Hell Facts That Prove Nature Is Scary!
#Akansha_Gautam #SuryaRay #India The 15 Most Popular Sexual Fetishes Include Some Really Weird #Indian #ArunKrGhosh
why you gotta make things weird? :P
There was something about hearing songs I knew sung by weird Totally Radical kids show voices that, even today, makes me shudder.
HES SO WEIRD I BLOCKED HIM
I have this weird ocd thing about numbers... I like things to be divisible by 5. It's very odd
He was the weird new exercise fad.
Chihoon oppa- NO IT'S WEIRD
Its weird when you realize the person you once told everything to now has no idea of whats happening in your life..
I keep trying to hold my laughs in so they just because this really weird almost sneeze-ish and I can't even
ft. weird guy
No bra day some of us are really packaged so a day without a bra will be nice but weird to others
Have you ever woken up to yourself crying in your sleep? That's weird as fuck.
They changed my fucking roster! weird ass school!
Get Upgraded For Being Nice, Restricted Paypal Accounts, Weird Funny Hotel Requests More
I'm no longer a member but that is a weird things to say, what kind of party did she think it was ?
Plasticine for sale at SSC and they have a weird colour.................
#seo #sem 10 Brands Who Got Weird to Achieve Their Marketing Goals by
My sleeping schedule weird asf...
I must be giving off some weird vibe....you want them??
Life is too short to be normal. Be weird that's what make u different
if you have a beard then you're not weird &lt;&lt; a rhyme I just made up.
shows that take place in high schools are so fucking weird
You're weird. I like that
hahaha wtf like that's so weird
True true. Haha, yes, grrr at landlords. Fine with smoking (bah) but not dogs. Weird.
@KylendH, omg your British accent is literally the bomb, you're kinda cute (sorry I'm being weird, but take that as a compliment) ilysm
does anyone else realize how weird pumpkin carving is? Like let me just extract the nector from this vegetable and carve
they can take him back
Weird Al Yankovic
that's weird lol
I added a video to a playlist 100 Subscriber QnA - This Shit Get's Weird
You know you're doing great when it actually feels weird to wear a shirt under your jacket
Acting really weird.
You're so weird and it's attractive
Some weird shit happens in that hemisphere
not weird at all mikey, not weird at all
i'm legit crying this shouldn't be sad bc it's weird but fucKK
Khala weird lol
I'm so sad :( the only thing that makes me happy is the fact that I'm going to the #climbing gym tonight
the light switch is on the outside??? massachusetts is so unceasingly weird?????
this is weird dude
That's a problem then! I somehow can't shop a lot.. Feel a weird guilt.. Especially when it comes to spending actual money!
Corn is weird.
I'm in this weird pickle of wanting to look pretty today, but not enough to impress anyone
its such a weird show but i love the cast
Here's a recent one I forgot about - our ice cubes were doing a weird frost thing one night.
Jessica Albas Bikini Camel Toe Is Weird
i know this sounds weird but I can tell this is going to be such a pretty piece of art already
#NowPlaying Weird Al Yankovic - If That Isn't Love :: Tune In:
Weird MC,Saheed Osupa, Jaywon, Malaika Others to Perform at Premiere/Launching of Kunle Adegbite's Movie 'Star Boy
This is a tertorist org that promotes even their tiniest actions with extensive media coverage and propaganda. Is it not weird?
Lol ppl are weird.
I have a question for you guys, this seems weird but.. this is from a game or something that is related to it. +
that's why I said it was weird hahaha
I had such weird dreams idk how to feel
I have such a weird obsession with lemonade at the moment
Irina Mikhailova And Outersect - Jai Ho (How Weird Shanti Remix) #nowplaying
I dont know if its weird, but I am in love with this girl and I see her once a month and I barely talk to her and Its been 2 years of this.
My dad is fucking weird!!
It's going to be so weird not going to the Wooded Edge after school.
Shoulders feel so weird..
Eaaaaa...these weird rains also...they should consult b4 they start pouring again...this is not funny at all...
if not then I'm weird hahahah
Your smile. Your laugh. Your crust. Your sauce. Your cheese. Your toppings. Your jokes. Your weird faces. Your teasing. Piz
When you falling out of love with someone .... Weird feeling .
LOOOOOL It's weird, since ISEP has a good number of female students too
Most men don't actually prefer dating conformist, submissive women
My painting class is so weird :))
Dreams are weird
I forgot I was dressed like a tacky tourist till I walked into dunkin and got weird looks from everyone
the long hair! And he was always doing weird stuff like that
Perfect Bikini Bodies!!
weird!! Are we connected or something? Lol I legit just asked her to make me some and give me the recipe the other day!
That's weird asf. Hope she's okay.
Elementary school lunch menus are weird, they say things like "silly dilly green beans" n "rocket red peppers" also "tiny tree top broccoli"
Ran into this weird kid he says I can call him Piggy! Wait til I tell everyone! #LOL #Piggy #wow
what a weird woman... she was pretty though. Pray to her huh
Excellent gig last night Nantwich. Audience consisted of college lecturers in Regency Ballroom. Slightly weird.
wt-- OMG SOMEONE NEED TO STOP MY MIND IM THINKING ABOUT WEIRD THINGS NOW ;;
it's weird how little i talk to some people now
Abby asked me, "Dad, isn\'t it kinda weird that all the adults at my school know you?
Weird experience with envirofone this week. Said my phone was damaged, asked for return, just got an email saying I was getting full price
Digangna should cut her hair to a sensible length Man!! It looks so weird. #BB9
Weird dream
Exactly! And I can't exactly wear weird ones if my character wears sexy lingerie.
By weird I mean id think that meant he had a concussion before that play. So how did nobody notice? Not good.
Is it weird that I start to watch a TV show/movie ,then the cute guy gets kissed, and I turn it off??
a white phone feels weird
I feel so weird with out my earrings on
it's so weird to see them without any instrument though
this is gonna sound weird, I've never had rocky road...but I guess there's a first time for everything xD and I know, my bad haha
so my hell day at work begins. 5:02am, too fucking early. Weird that Friday the 13th falls on a Tuesday this year!
Eat A 30-Pound Burrito, Own Part Of A New York City Restaurant #bizarre #weird
:) it just confuddles me as the design is 8 years old! Just got a new sample, fresh photos and boom! Weird, in a good way ;)
( \xf8 \xf8)( \xf8 \xf8)( \xf8 \xf8)( \xf8 \xf8)( \xf8 \xf8)( \xf8 \xf8)( You always send me weird stuff at weird times
[PO s/d 15 Maret] Jacket Hoodie Cody Simpson Alli Simpson "Dork Weird Nerd" Rp 170.000
Fascinating/weird story! Is the boy with the golden gun being groomed to rule Belarus? | The Japan Times
oh haha that's weird
Why is he so weird and why do I love his weirdness a lot
but factly, he is weird/? lol kkkk
ive been having really overtly fucked up dreams and usually i'd take them as signs but they're so weird and out there so na
weird... Maybe it just takes some time to propagate? It's a new release right?
Such a weird dream. Never again
its weird that I feel kinda jealous ._.
No1 getz me, I'm Immature Mature at same tym I'm a Goof bt also deep Weird n Romantic My Mind iz so develpd yet I'm strange
This weather so weird bruh.
Weird Al Has 3 Grammar Lessons For Your New Store
I've decided that my hair feels weird today because of my current European lifestyle and not b/c I accidentally put body wash in it. #milan
yes it is. U cannot drug someone for sex and if a woman changes her mind bc u weird n u still take it...thats rape
It's kinda weird being up this early lol
That was weird....
Ok, this is getting really weird and Debbie Wasserman Schultz has to go if this is true. The NYT is reporting...
Thesis writing listening to Christmas music and actually longing for snow... Am I weird? #phdlife
Thanks! Next up is a red ale fermented w/our wild yeast at lager temps by burying it in the ground. Keepin' it #weird.
Pls tell me this isn't some weird Canadian sport where the kid pitches the cat at the girl... it sure looks worried.
It has arrive after so long!!! Who dare to try? Weird flavourd such as booger or canned dog food!
Don't you ever for a second get to thinking... You're special. Cause niggas is weird
Drunk guy claims dog was driving car. Dog barks twice and denies it. OK maybe not.
Like I wanna sleep but nooooooo weird sounds
We are all such weird yet interesting Homo sapiens.
it's so weird thinking back to when you first met someone in that moment you had no idea they would have such a big impact o
weird af cheese
Why are people getting candy crush notifications from me when I'm not even on it.... Very weird..
yeah that's going to be a weird one how she goes. I want to no how Fridget comes back
you're soooo funny, but a little weird too! That's okay! I swear you don't go here anymore! But you might! I just only see you one a week
so Are you agree with me? This is so weird right? And maybe this is just like Asian Dance Cover award, belive me
duuuude?! Thats what I call Weird cravings
My mouth feels so weird
Those days where you feel all weird and tearful for no reason and just over all kind of shit
Inside Ive died a thousand times.
"I have scars on my hands from touching certain people."
I'm not sure how this is reasonable but it sounds like a model built after an existing model. Question is how
that we look weird right!
/smile at u reasuringly then nods. Neh. Your voice is kinda low and sexy. /laughs at that weird confession.
I'm still reeling from not being a barely drinking age ca
"And she was never loved. She was never cared for and no one appreciated her own kindness. She was alone. Alone in a world full of sorrow."
I liked a video from Star Wars Wiggle! - Games Are Weird 148
I enjoy indirectly spamming Luke Hemmings because idk if he sees it and it's just more fun than direction him idk I'm a hippie I'm weird
baily is so weird
The Weird and Grotesque #travel #vacation
: i am the weird uncle that lives in your basement. #jazlace
it's so weird how fire this song is. I hear it no where
it's so weird watching this from the start again
helen never fails to weird me out how can u take the cheese off pizza
Find it weird that football fans are fined for singing yet rugby fans actively encouraged.
Biggest nose stud I've ever had in it looks so weird
By not making Harry and Louis do interviews and such together they just push that it is really WEIRD for them to do something together
It just makes me feel weird. Another girl from class said she had a white friend who identifies strongly as Native American. I mean, what!?
im hot then im cold...aka my fever, it's acting weird,im sleepy bt cdn't sleep either...Im a mess
A baby has arrived office, she's in there somewhere! Some weird noises coming from that corner!
my profile picture looks weird with the 3 ribbons but I love it
Sebastian Stan things: Blue shirts Space Weird faces Blue sunglasses Long hair Fluffy beards Cute dogs Pure kindness
4 Psychological Explanations for Weird Human Habits...
still lowkey in shock that Will Grier got suspended for doing steroids but no one is mad at Nash for being so weird
Useless hashtags and weird jokes. #GiveTwitterASlogan
Look out Bartlett this is a weird ass week
Most of the time it's the first thing I do when I come home from school, some people are weird
Well I guess I'm stuck on this weird island now... #stranded #help #SOS
Thats just gotta be weird. I love pumpkin spice, but think Id draw the line.
I'm making weird sounds rn! Tao you go bub!
Why tf is there a weird crackly sound in my ear
Also weird that it's been so long and the EU is still as clueless regarding the solution as they were in day one
I always have weird ass dreams
Safer Shot, Inc. (OTCMKTS:SAFSD) Turns Weird: On Sunday, an email hit investors' inboxes which said that SAFSD...
Weird seeing Granholm drinking so early in the morning.
Sat on my own in ask Italian,weird being without jack #loner
Anne Tyler said exactly the same thing as #BookerPrize readings last night! Weird.
lets do weird things together
Thanks for interviewing me about Sober October. Its weird hearing your voice. Great episode as always:
You know it is not weird to cry when you're passionate about something.
okay..... Lol weird ass
weird and cool at the same time :')
Twin Peaks is fucking weird. I love it.
15 Weird Animals You Didnt Know Exist. #7 is Really Scary.
I liked a video Do YOU Want To Be In PORN...? - Weekly Weird News
Made this really weird thing at uni today with a new software it moves due to the general mic audio...
That's a weird wording though. If he's a councillor, isn't it also up to him to make action happen?
I literally wrote on Facebook this morning that a concussion was the only thing that made sense. Still weird
cute when your co-workers keep talking about how WEIRD and GROSS itd be if one of their siblings/friends would be gay
" thats weird Bro " As for me i fuck Raw if you fall pregnant that\'s your own prob don\'t include me"" tjo, mehlolo.
this thursday looks like a monday...
Ok my phones doing something weird so if it says i screenshotted ur snap story i didnt
It's better to be weird rather than boring.
become weird is better than awkward ouo
Get Weird vai ser mundial
i feel like all the weird snaps i would send to a boyfriend i just send to instead
yes u are crazu and weird hahah
He chose to b delusional when he needed to relate. Politics is a game of compromise for the right reasons. He also didn't understand
Didn't know until a couple days ago either. Bit weird that they're doing that.
what did coming out teach u? violence is not a type of love; what makes u weird is wut makes u strong; protect urself from dom. narratives
Too Weird! See the Strange-Looking Calf Born in Kenya
- curiously at the weird nature of the name]
haha meri weird selfies ps behno ki bhi random pictures hoti hai so that's why i don't add guys on snapchat
This shit way too weird for me
hahaha what the weird. But ok meet me somewhere when you get to school
The get weird tour is gonna be so lit with these new mature choreography
I'm probably too weird for you.
This. So much this. (And I think I need to figure out how to stitch up the Penmonkey's Creed as a sampler....
How do I remove myself from weird list I've been added to?
I mean buy tickets woops typo lol wtf bit tickets lol so weird
see now that's weird
well actually the population of London has just exceeded pre-1940s levels! It's so weird to think about!
The Daily Mash // Deeply weird teenager refusing to smoke weed until it is legal
Its weird how i stalk girls and not guys. Like how dashit are you so chio ._.
What a weird short chapter in the official #MH17 report. #kortmaarkrachtig
I keep accidentally bumping my nose it feels so weird without my septum in
I had this weird thought about the possibility of D D making Theon and Sansa do it but then I remembered the one crucial problem...
My dreams have been so random and weird lately.
It's weird how the BBC seem to think the Germans are loving the migrants moving over but there's actually so many rallies against it
Old people are weird if you look at them for longer than like 5 seconds
that's so weird but I guess it makes sense
There are weird ass doors in this new underground wtf wtf wtf
11 dias para sounds good feels good 25 dias para get weird 32 dias para made in the am eso es todo lo que me interesa
Hello... I know it's very weird:( but I want some pcy p There are lots of fansites you can consider but mostly
j cant believe people scream at the tour its gunna be SO weird
We spied a little weird having students come to office hours.
Weird Job Wednesday: Binge Watching.
i remember seeing a video of it where there was just a regular-sized human girl w/ a chipmunk voice it was weird
Its weird that I'm almost 2 years older than my roommate
OMG See The Most Controversial And Weird Sick Leave Policy You Can Never Think Of
Weird no?
Some kind of NUT here! Really weird! #BlackLivesMatter
posting pictures of another person\'s kid and saying "child goals" is a little weird smh
And people think my Guinea pig obsession is weird
True. True. True. Fayemi for example even has Charisma. He just lacked the requisite in depth understanding of his people.
I meant Ashley* . Too many fucking Ashley's and weird spelling
Weird dream last night: read on wikipedia that you had your name changed at some point...haha! Woke up wondering! :D #funny
Man Exposes His Baby Mama's Section 8 Fraud, EBT Fraud, Drug Dealer Boyfriend All On Facebook
I hate when people look at me weird when I tell them my bf has a daughter like stfu and get out of my face before I pop you in the mouth
People who laugh more are better to tolerate pain - both physical and emotional pain.
Is it weird to say my eyebrows are soft?
Weird staying at Justin's w/o Justin
you literally put a smile on my face even if i just hear your name is that weird or
That's understandable but I have weird body - read big boned - so it's hard to find stuff online that fits.
Whenever I walk around campus, unless I happen to be dressed up, people give me weird looks, like they think I don't go here or something.
this is the only free to watch episode right now eh it's weird
it feels weird getting dropped off at school. I don't remember the last time this happened lol
it's weird it actually looks ok lmao, like im even starting to like it
Bitches weird as shit !!
yet felt like my tangential relationship made me part of something weird cool special. makes me feel nostalgic. for this something. #sigh
that's fucking weird right. Like what's actually in NB
It's weird when you're on time but your boss isn't so you're just standing in front of a pharmacy like a jackass.
Hey, does my poop look weird...? - And other ways that you know your relationship is probably pretty secure
I constantly have dreams about taking pictures it's weird
Aw see weird people they pure freak me out to fuck
i want to pissed you off you know that :) your always acting like a weird'y man lols.
Why can't men understand that being too nice only make things more weird?
Witty view of the weird world of fashion: Jane Shilling reviews a new book which takes an affectionately acerbic
its so weird when kt randomly go all serious abt their english pronunciation
I know rules are rules, but it's seems weird to get one game for an illegal substance, and a year for an over the counter one
there's a weird pleasure in loving someone who doesn't love you
but U curve me? Yall weird
For "Drink!" crew. New series from Dogfish Head brewmaster. "It\'s weird, let\'s drink it." #beer #alcohol
Coincidentally 2/3 of my modules are being taught by women. Weird huh.
This is starting to be a weird week
but I don't want to call you noona, either way I want you to call me oppa. Isn't that weird..? Chuckles while rubbing my -
WHY DON'T UNDERCLASSMEN PAICIPATE WITH SCHOOL ACTIVITIES!!! SPIRIT WEEK IS WHEN YOU'RE ALLOWED TO BE WEIRD!!!
. is really just about the articles now...weird...
he is so weird the stuff he was saying
I never where ponytails ... This is weird...
IKR HES WEIRD I REMEMBER WATCHING THIS AND LITERALLY I WAS LIKE WTF WAS THAT
Nowadays, what is good seems to be weird.
ah yeah tubby toast! I didnt like the custard it looked weird hahaha
this manga is really weird. i should stop reading this
Not going along with Osborne's shit plans is weird fringe radicalism despite being fairly mainstream economic thinking. Why is Britain.
wow basically I like every song on v v more than my favorite song on too weird to live
my Ig was doing that, it's weird
fuck off collymoore you fucking nonce dogging sick weird cunt! Who cares what you THINK!!!!
Lol now that's a lil weird hey!!
The 15 Most Popular Sexual Fetishes Include Some Really Weird Shit: Via ShutterStockYep, s... #brobible #hotgirls
when u see taehyung on stage doing weird things and whtvr not normal, it's not V, it's kim taehyung performing. dk where's
#SEO news: 10 Brands Who Got Weird to Achieve Their Marketing Goals by
that's weird haha!
Weird Facts About the Male Orgasm That Will Make Guys Smi...
Get Weird Tour in Australia! FINALLY! Soooo... does it mean there'll also be an European tour? ;) *cough*Little Mix*cou
7 animals of the wrong colour.Check out these rare beauties: #nature #wildlife #weird #awesome h
feels weird to be lying on my own bed
Weird as hell dreams last night
Just had a dream of OOMF that's not weird at all tho lol
I had a bad dream now I feel weird.
seem so weird wearing them fr.
love these t-shirts! get one here if you like
Why don't I have friends at uni :(
My dreams are weird af
Teen Titans is such a weird show
that was a weird ending im not sure how i feel about it im just praying for a third season cos that was so unfinished feeling
Very weird switching between Knucklebusters, Last Ninja 2 Treasure Island Dizzy music today. #retrogaming #gamedev
Stats is the only math class at Oakland that I've done really well in. Is that weird? Lol
Some very weird noises happening outside apartment block.
you don't understand how much I ignore him and he continues to Insta message me. I just blocked him, he's fucking weird
I JUST REALIZED MERCURY was in retrograde and I'm a VIRGO and that's why I felt ugly and weird so many days in a row HA
I seem to be a magnet for weird people in a public place!
I download on laptop on phone I got no pics cause my mobile acts really weird
Expecting my Dad's call on Fayemi blowing minds. We've always been at loggerheads on his capabilities.
I was so angry haha, I just had this weird cup of caramel hot milk!
Weird dinner talking about bums and pills, you know there's decent good conversation hahaha
So so weird how u can talk to somebody every other day n tell them everything to then act like strangers
They Found A Weird Object Washed Up On The Beach - You'll...
I just got instructions to reset my password from a complaint about the service. Weird.
Yay! Welcome to my weird world of faithfully listening to country music radio from the UK. And sorry for the Twitter guilt trip.
Today at The Daily Weird: Donald Duck cosplay.
dont tell me why but i really love unique or strange things,,smetimes my mum also thinking tht i'm weird...
It's weird to look back at who I started 2015 with, and who I'm ending it with.
and the fans of apology letter's author r worrying about Muslims' patriotism. Weird.
perfectly fine with this
but i rlly miss not seeing u during chi!!!!!! So weird! Who i sit with sia? I nv even think of sitting with anybody else
"Sky seems so genuinely happy to be there. It\'s weird how happy I am about the friendship of other people I don\'t even know." SAME
ok so now i get u r weird DP it is reflection of u r brain
It's really weird not having my best friend to talk to 6th hour anymore.
kpop is fuckign weird
Weak Days, my weird experimental comedy, is now an award-winning weird experimental comedy!
#book #auction WEIRD AL YANKOVIC "THE AUTHORIZED AL" 1985 1ST EDITION VERY RARE #books #read #ebay
Radiohead - Weird Fishes / Arpeggi #nowplaying
Fucking weird freshman stalkers always get my number somehow so annoying
IandIWillSurviv: Are you a weird #music lover? Check this out! #EDM #rave #worldmusic #fusion #electro #weird
Kinda agree with Lenovo\'s newest tagline. "A lot of weird things turn out to be good. Here\'s why we embrace good weird."
hes fucking weird
I have weird but not creepy lol
Yeh so don't mess with me people or it will get real .. I'm tired and I'm going to sleep
Its weird thing to get insulting from male stranger.
It's really weird that I have VERY VERY witty conclusions about life when I have a head ache.
Whats up with the weird new paintings on the walls at ?
Since when were zombies a part of this soap opera in the woods? Weird.
girls I would give you aaaaaall my height if I could! :(
That's really weird and annoying.
Rather be weird then boring any day
Velvet leggings, suede skirt, fryars tee. Things just got weird
I\'m more open to an extent. I\'m definitely more tolerant of others now though. Few things I find "weird
No but you could smother them lush tits in it lick it off
I'd love for you guys to know me personally ..
Did you know Game 1 of the '82 NLCS was played twice (sort of)? More odd #MLBPlayoffs trivia: htt
Hey @nog_uk, so weird that you would follow me as we had some lovely pies of yours only last night! Any new fillings planned? @WarnerPerry
I'm a feminist because: I should be able to wear my teams shirt with out 7 people asking if it's my dad's and acting we
get weird tour kero
I had a weird dream that the Crunch Bar was confirmed for Smash Bros. 4.
7 animals of the wrong colour.Check out these rare beauties: #nature #wildlife #weird #awesome
weird. I'm now craving chips. I think there is something wrong with me
I'm hungry have a weird desire to go to the gym... #dietday2
it feels so weird not being at school today
Toe sucking is weird and gross. Had it done for 5 seconds and I absolutely hated it
This is a bit weird
why do i choose the most weird questions like i wanted to choose the exotic animals question
Make love! not war!
I'm a feminist because: I should be able to wear my teams shirt with out 7 people asking if it's my dad's and acting weird when it's mine
English is weird; It can be understood through tough thorough thought, though.
Those people who move their mouth weird when they talk make me wanna punch them
i find that ..weird. Beautiful singing tho @sonamakapoor
It's weird Tripp not sleeping and hogging all of my space
On a scale from 1 to 10 how weird are you? 5 hahahhahaa
Seeing ice cream cake makes me gag.... weird fact about me
its my fav song by them ever i am beyond ready for get weird
our convo is getting weird. lol
DUI Suspect Allegedly Claimed Dog Was Driving Car #news
I'm still reeling from not being a barely drinking age car fanatic. Weird
Models Who Had A Rough Day At Work
Facebook is weird Even those teachers want to add you as friend, who always said "I\'M YOUR TEACHER, NOT FRIEND".
That sounds weird. I am scared of this.
Kinky Weird Amateur Sex Games #amateur
10 People with weird Talents
happy birthday weird al! love you
Weird thinking this time last year I had already booked Zante
These kids in this school is weird asf
TB: This selfie is really unglam as it's the only one I have rn and i was just being weird at H M so
what a weird assumption #piggate
If I'm weird around you, I'm comfortable with you.
Why do I keep blowing kisses at people? it's like Tourettes? Weird
day time tv is weird. Loose Women say a man wont be getting lashes in Saudi...camera pans to audience of a certain age po
weird. Ive only just discovered Chavez as well. Not sure how they slipped through the cracks.
All am saying
Few things in this world are limitless: Space, time, weird pictures of @petewentz
its weird. Literally Angel At My Table was the only film I can think of to get it right.
I find it weird some women know what a man should be doing but won't allow him to do it his way. That's not how it work
the exclamation mark in the middle of you sentence makes my brain read it weird
I believe so. I know we've seen the AI doing weird things like picking up items on their own, so it's looking good. :V
-- @ChuckWendig's Go Big, Go Weird, Go You, And Fuck Fear Right In The Ear: I got an email. The em... #scriptchat
it's weird see them without their instruments lol
Go Big, Go Weird, Go You, And Fuck Fear Right In The Ear via @ChuckWendig
I'd rather be weird as fuck than be boring as hell.
It's weird how some people can leave their significant other without a kiss or a hug or an I love you.
you look like a little boy. Weird...
I miss your weird reaction photos you took for me and Ryan and Karina
i miss her... our time diff is huuuge but tht meant i cud get her at weird hrs but ths yr, no :(
ikr??? so weird
I be having some weird dreams man
#InCaseYouMissedThis: 10 Weird Things That Guys Find S3xy About Their Ladies - Ladies! This is a must read!!...
It's kinda weird that I'm having Taitingger champagne today together with my mom. I don't like the idea of being drunk in front of her.
My family is weird like that, they're stictly ANC but we have a Afriforum calendar in the kitchen...
TF, how? Lol. This is weird. whole of 2015 tweets wiped... Now for 2014!
U WEIRD LAH AHAHAHAAHAHHAHAHAHA GO AND GOALS AT YOUR OWN PARENTS
yeah, but sometimes even then I still don't delete. Social media is weird.
I know she's kind of socially retarded and weird, but she's my friend, so just promise me you won't make fun of her.
" They call me weird. I prefer the word enlightened #enlightened #SoulRebel
Nik, mau dong HTA Anna cantik Anna is such a really good friend of mine. idk you're weird, sweet, nice, so
I think so yes.
i think after the noya nendo there will be two more released, since they made tooru i see it weird for them not to release a nekoma one
i want some clay/blender so i can see my characters with weird hair in 3d like madelyn, lachlan, or astro
What's more disturbing about this @, the weird floppy penis, the muffin top or the desperate shower curtain. Le sigh. htt
My messenger app is acting weird! @karlalooooo
Isn't areole garlic mayonnaise ?
I'm in this weird funk...
lmao im not late weird
probably weird jokes
Ok, the video is weird but the article is actually good.
its weird that your not lol
Arsenal fans are so weird. What's with all the hate for some of our players? I think I'm the only guy here who likes both Ramsey and Wilsh.
If I'm weird around you, that means I'm comfortable with you
A Burnley source tells us they do expect higher compensation after Ings' England debut - always held out for \x9c12m but wa
you are so freaking weird
Glasgow that was awesome played hey everybody! Acoustically out front
i have! my body is just weird smh
u started it suzy hahhaah not me and were both weird now
"I know this is weird, but I feel hungover, but I KNOW I didn\'t have anything to drink." -Jenna Bates
Take a bow Kayode Fayemi ... Dealt with the questions from the senators as if it was nothing and even gave further clarifi
Can you confirm you have a promo for android tablet at reduced cost? Just received weird call from 01709918627 now worried
Also new iphone twitter is really weird
This Weird Device Was Designed For Babies, You Won't Beli...
I think every body's weird. We should all celebrate our individuality and not be embarrased or ashamed of it. -Jhonney depp
10 Weird Kids Who Went TOO FAR!
What a weird day hehe
Tao and Paris what a weird combo an unlikely pair
*super groggy* *had some weird Dreams while he slept through it*
Everyone at work thinks it's so weird that I don't drink coffee.
Like seriously loool you wicked.
I think it's so weird that my school doesn't have a second floor. Like it goes from 1 to 3 then 4 5
tbh I don't really know if I wanna draw porn with a tantou in it, it would just kinda feel weird? Aa sorry (\xef)
Fuck life Why cause vampires don't exist #weird
I had weird nightmares last night :/
well,that was weird.
dude cancel why are you being weird trying to play us 3 times in a row at 8am...
Jamaica Plain: keepin' it weird
Weird wide We
I like have people around. And i dont like having people around. You get that? #Weird
haha you'd think being semi-famous, she would be used to weird looks from randoms haha.
I'd sooner not thanks all the same
WhiteRabbitCult 10 Brands Who Got Weird to Achieve Their Marketing Goals by albertcostill #seo #seotips
Weird how people who complain that Walmart mistreats their workers are just dying to trade with Castro.
. Gets Weird In New "Dance With Death" Music Video: #sunflowerdead #itstimetogetweird
Reality of life. Separation is a reality.
So here's what's really weird to me - I still get follows from digital marketing people. Which, hi guys! I don't tweet about it much.
okay this is weird :")
These weird ass kids at this school period I be like eww
Anime can be so weird! Why is this dudes mouth a butthole!?!?! * Oh #FairyTail you Crack me up
#Virgos hate when ppl start to act funny/weird toward them they'd rather you say how you feel so it could be fixed or le
This generation weird AF bai. I could see alyuh having a love makin mixtape with nothin but Trap Music.
I'm not rlly interested in music anime but it'd be a bit weird if I didn't watch Haruchika, cuz yeah... Hobby's
I'm in class early for the first time ever this is weird
fyi, all the links in your RSS feed point to some weird alternate website with what appears to be a test theme?
god you're weird. #puffygums
People are weird.
and then its weird to ask them to delete it bc ,..,,.,,
Listening to NPR on wine counterfeiting. Making me glad I like the less expensive ones - which might also be counterfeited too - huh? Weird.
Its been a year since my bisnonna died. Its just.. so weird.
hahaha we're so weird XD
that sounds weird
it was all for funny moments guys not weird in any way
goodmorning tho srry i was weird yesterday
I'm weird \rMy fav Movie is Finding Nemo\rI love the colors purple and Gold \rIm obsessed with lip stick \rI cry a lot \rIm a big baby ..
I've been in a weird mood lately. Letting people bring me down. Not anymore...
[homeless Jerry the substitute teacher] Hi, kids. My teaching style may seem weird at first. [just starts stabbing kids wi
These 12 Fountains Look Pretty...Until You Realize Something Is Really Weird
so appearly i somehow lost 5kg the past year... weird. i didnt do anything and i ate like a pig.
WE DO TOO but sometimes were not very good at reading tone + body language which is weird but Aye Life
Not Wit dat weird shit This Morning
weird because "someone" was supposed to pick me up but instead left me standing in the driveway for 13 hours waiting...
please excuse my weird fangirling hahahahAHAHAHA
What is the best word to describe science exam today? Weird. Istg that it was all logic but I'm still scared cause my log
I'll make some bullshit competition up tonight and send it to the winner. #BozComp
Isn't i| weird how when a cop drives by you feel paranoid ins.ead of protected.
The music video for Wet Dreamz is so weird
I have some weird sleeping patterns lol
If you're over the age of 18, you shouldn't have close relations with someone of the opposite sex under the age of 17. It's just weird.
This is all a bit weird tbh.
and... Scala is still at the op of the HRN on Ravelry! Blimey. This is kinda weird, good. Thankfully my inbox has calmed down a little...
10 Brands Who Got Weird to Achieve Their #marketing #goals via @albertcostill, via @sejournal
The culture of college kids who blog is so weird and I don't get it
Fayemi cleared! Takes a bow! #TheAyesHaveIt #TheList
Been having such weird dreams about the most random people.
... He wasn't the man for the job not because he wasn't intelligent but other factors.
What do you mean 'returning'? it was never in the private sector you weird noncey cunt
a weird smile...I feel like that^^!. Have a happy night.
Not being significantly shorter than everyone in this room is weird
taeng's nose is so weird
Feels so weird doing half days at work...now back home for an afternoon tanking
Weird looking kitchen
That awkward feeling you get when you see the radio presenter in real life and you are like; That's weird, I thought you're someone else!
My dreams/nightmares are so fucking weird...
I've officially become the weird guy in the neighborhood that does yard work before the sun comes up #NotProud #SoManyLeavesIWantToCry
I love world culture day cause I can wear hiking boots to school and only seem a little weird
SURELY those JB photos are illegal. i'm as down for some d as anyone else but that is such a weird invasion of privacy. let
Everyone\'s raving about Steve Jobs, and I feel weird for not "getting" it. Fassbender Winslet, fantastic. Dialogue, snappy. Plot, thin.
being outside early in the morning gives me a weird sense of sleepiness and calmness
I liked a video Weird Sh*t Parents Tell Their Kids About Sex
Yup, you gotta sign away your life stick behind palace doors then something weird happens - the cold freak comes
- it's not quite this ( but still pretty creepy / weird
I thought he'd look weird with his new hair style but here he is and... just... *falls over*
i find it weird your eyelashes can itch like wtf honestly
It was weird he just stared at me for a while !
at 7:30 in the morning my dad watches weird japanese history dramas w my mom what goals
please rt this
I went to sleep with so much on my mind last night, it was weird.
Although it's weird being up at a normal time lmao
I had a weird ass dream
Capetonians and their weird fascination with protest poo action.Mara why kodwa?
Humans are humans no matter the colour it's weird how some people can't grasp that concept and are still stuck thinking about borders
niggas weird difficult.
Let it go. Being articulate and intelligent doesn't automatically make a you a good leader.
I was prawn waking up this morning and I wore weird socks with my shoes so I had to awkwardly tuck my socks
It took me quite a long time to appreciate them because it just seemed weird and random, but I think I "get it" now, y\'know?
Get Involved, Internet: Help AGFA preserve the Something Weird archive \xfa Newswire \xfa The A.V.\xffClub
you keep showing up in my weird dreams it's starting to become a nightly thing im scared
We miss each other already. Weird
In such a weird mood
This girl in my class doesn't look at who she's talking to her eyes look the other way and she does something weird with her hands.
Weird Fuckin Sex 04 - Scene 6 #sexo #porn #naked #video #xxx
I am strategically voting against #StrategicVoting I'm weird that way #JustTheFacts #cdnpoli #Election2015 #Vote
This weird friend at parties (Vine by @vinehacker89)
I woke up today after an amazing dream, but my phone glitched and told me it was still 1:00. My body said 6:15, but my phone said 1:00 Weird
So my Asus laptop has this weird start up screen while restarting after updated to Windows 10 Build
Every Day Should Be Hump Day (8 Girls - 8 Photos)
Email from Laureen with a weird warning about election day? #pollwatch #AdvancePoll #myvotestory
what\'s with this weird binary of "skinny girls are high fashion" and "fat girls are pornographic" why is this a thing
Lol America is weird. Like God forbid were "desensitized" to sex but completely cool with gorey war movies. #NewPlayboy
I don't know why Leigh didn't haha it was a weird dream
Hey Um... This might seem weird but... Ya got any strawberries?
On a scale from 1 to 10 how weird are you? 12
Weird fact: Tommy Bowden resigned from Clemson on this day in 2008
It was so weird but there was lots of Tamsin You're gunna hate Bo's father even more by the end of the episode
Freshly dug Oslofjord potatoes for dinner. My life of luxury in a weird country
so weird mate looks jokes
Weird, but credit where it is due. Top-chap of the day is Michael Gove.
I vibe with quiet weird people
real life weird
Be weird, Be crazy, Be free, Be young, Be anything you want, Be different and do never care about what people think of you
Life is weird. You can go from being strangers. To being friends. To being more than friends. To being pratically strangers aga
I wish "weird" clothing was more acceptable. Want to wear a pvc jumpsuit grocery shopping? A gothic Victorian gown to din
You're not weird you just need a hug hugs are good hugs are friendship lawl bai
Sooooo weird looking at Facebook posts from years ago
"hey cj, this guy looks just like steve white!! cargo pants, weird shoes, bald, they could be brothers."
#Pisces have this weird inability to be completely spontaneous
I'm rooting for him. I like Wisconsin. It just seems like all of their backs never really pan out in the NFL. It's weird.
It looks weird now hahahahaha
weird and risky
Lunchtime shopping: prosthetic severed arm and memory card (the latter is the more weird)
coz my original spot was on the second one since the first spot one on vacation for a week so i move to the front. i feel weird. hehe.
I say tako so much, it's weird to say octopus. lol so much I'm tempted to still say tako when typing as Plip, but would that make sense
Everyone\'s raving about Steve Jobs, and I feel weird for not "getting" it. Fassbender Winslet, fantastic. Dialogue, snappy.
I'm in a weird mood today
- so weird. Do I vote for a guy who doesn't value new shoes?
My phone on some weird shit
People saying it's gay are weird. Idk how being able to do hair is gay lol they just saved money, that's great
I think these look nice than the Chicago 1.5. Something about those looked weird. These are a little better
My school is weird,if you're a slut then you'll be popular HAHAHAH
I feel weird ...I feel chubby
Polaroid by imagine dragons reminds me so much of Robin Hood it's so weird
If I'm weird around you, it basically means that I'm comfortable with you.
remember that day that I saw Katy for the first time? which was also the day australia had a terrorist attack? that was a.. weird day
Feelings are weird
So weird. Usually it smells like febreeze
so weird that so many people wore stripes to work today.
You guys are the best. This is how you make us feel. Credits to
wouldn't it look a bit weird?? ;~~~;
This is so weird and I dont know what to think about it
Chuck wieder :) The Penmonkey's Creed This is my book. There are none like it, because this one is mine. My book...
BOYS ARE WEIRD
Aldi, Monsanto, Mamamia, Taylor Swift?? Sorry Geoff I gotta get u out of my life.You Skeptics are so weird
bc its weird
Independent: The Guardian just published the worst job advert and people noticed
why you like to be caught in some weird place. The place you need to caged in is my heart only.
Tomorrow in class we are all gonna wear black because we killed a fly lol we are so weird
i\'ve taught tons of Autistic kids, mostly kids of color. and their families schools always write them off as "weird" o
, is it weird that I had a dream about you licking sunscreen off my leg???
Some weird old man who tried speaking to me louis on bus this morning has just stopped me in ashton said he'd never forget a pretty face
SAME LIKE,,,, IDK WOULDN'T IT LOOK KIND OF WEIRD AAA
not that anyone will ever tag their stuff on fb. god the friends I add there are weird sometimes
The urge some people get on here to insult others just for s is really annoying. What's the fun you get in letting others
thats weird :/ even if you call [super viewDidLoad]?
mine are just weird like wtf.
Hottest Moms (Photo Gallery)
Weird Object Washed Up on Beach looks like it could have come from an alien!
Coupla weird looks with my sombrero on the megabus
What a weird dream
It's weird to see 5sos sing without their instruments..
Tho it will sound weird since my nose is clogged rn lmao
ure still weird
or maybe you guys have always wanted to kick me out of the group since either ak or hs are great replacements and i'm too 'weird', right?
The Show system is so weird like who the hell understands the system
that is quite the claim! I always like on FB, never on Inst though. Kind of feels weird liking a stranger's pics....
that is pretty weird.
Uni open days are gonna be so weird in the future when the parents have degrees understand what the lecturers are talking about.
he is kinda creepy! very weird. I don't know how Dvn hasn't been kicked out. There are some strange ones!
Fayemi took home some encomiums... It's good.
I should've started doing my classes from home too a long time ago, now I can take advantage of my weird ass sleep schedule for school
Tip of the day. Don\'t look the "What\'s trending" part of twitter. It gets pretty weird.
Fuck my testing room. Ppl here are so weird like ew omg everyone so ugly omg I hate it can I be somewhere? Ppl here makes me want to hate
I keep getting stuck on the owl. It keeps being reflected in weird directions, except the reflection is blurry. Not sure if plot relevant.
Because I'm still awake and in a weird mood. I miss him
Weird hand
What brought the dead man back to life? Click here to find out:
back to this.. it's also perf bc it works both ways but usually is the one being weird and at the same time the one waking up late
Good advice for How To Keep [Your City] Weird via @CityLa
Personally, I prefer Weird Al's take on it:
*looks back at the tweets i just made* lmao um wtf? that's so weird, vulnerable emotions arent my thing,
Hai im weird and i like you (in my dreams) we rarely talk altho you have mentioned me b4 but im lazy to open-
There are some days when I just do not know what Im going to write about. Its kind of a weird...
I wanna wear my boots to school one day but I feel like I'll look all weird
: Weird Tattoos in Strange Places
I like how you both noticed each other's bios bc usually I do that now it doesn't make me seem as weird
HAHAHA youre weird
well that's true thats a bit weird haha
I really thought I\'d be a lot sadder since we "broke up" but...no. I feel happier and beautiful. It\'s weird.
Ours is a...weird...collection of people on twitter. But I guess that's all twitter groups, isn't it?
I don't like hugs. Am I weird?
I crave weird foods at this early in the morning
Smells weird here :/
Players quit mid season we kill em.."no heart" "quit on his brothers" coach does it "it\'s the HBC just being himself"..ton o
"Is it weird that all your siblings went to school today you didn\'t?" "Not sure if you remember but I hardly attended school senior year"
aye mate. Weird feeling like.
Am I weird if I tell you guys that I don't know Paris Hilton? But damn she's so pretty and Tao is so Damn Lucky!!Well they're both lucky
I spend my time now just thinking about weird shit. Like, eight hour long orgasms. Just imagine it for a bit.
Like I couldn\'t articulate why the white police officer on FB doing all of that "community policing" made me feel weird and
Penny Hacks That Are Worth More Than a Few Cents! #weird
Numbers don't lie but numbers can be cooked up.
Let's stay weird.
who does something like that? People are weird.... Report that streamer, tell you friends to report that guy/girl too!
OK for a second I didn't realize your cat is named Jeter and I thought you were just reading a really weird tabloid magazine.
the day I go to the get weird tour is Easter Sunday so therefore I will be losing my shit at the concert in honour of Jesus
You need a driver's licence to use these weird-looking scooters: Self-balancing scooters have been made illega...
lip scrubs make my lips feel weird
I love you because your weird! :)
You're acting weird. I can tell.
Ok i have a weird personality
I'm in this weird state of mind right now. Like, if I never shoot another band again, pffft, who
If I saw Ceepy around uni and I didn't know him I'd think he was weird
I haven't been to school in a week it's so weird to be here
I know hey" duuuude?! Thats what I call Weird cravings"
Any of our friends heard about this ..
Potholes as big as Texas also look like Texas. Weird
#Digital #Marketing 10 Brands Who Got Weird to Achieve Their Marketing Goals by
Weird comic con panel-esque dream w my fave nerdy actors (eddie McClintock, Aisha Tyler) showing the final ep of star trek voyager
My child's mother is fucking weird
I kinda find it weird the thought that soon spn will officially end forever like what will I have to find to disappoint m
The Guardian just published the worst job advert ever for a "charismatic literary assistant
haven't been up this early since high school days, I feel weird
Is anyone else's twitter feed on their cell phone doing a weird overlapping thing? Moving tweets creating blank areas? New phone needed?
It's weird not having someone to talk 2 @ night
weird seeing my tweets from last year, it was so much better then
in a weird, unrelated series of events, both my coteach and my hbro asked me if i know who justin bieber is today
Today gone be all about BET I don't watch that bullshit and I don't care about them weird people their stupid awards.
Pussy Galore, meet Lotta Muff: the weird world of the #Bond rip-off #film
I'm at for the symposium. Poster is up and I remembered to wear clothes! Pre-conference dreams are weird.
idk tumblr is such a weird place like, these kinda common sense thigns just fly over most people's heads over there and im????
Despite suffering and having acrophobia, I am still very much wanting to watch The Walk.. In 3D! Weird or what...
I'm not strange, weird, off nor crazy, my reality is just different than yours... -Alice through the looking glass
People think my passion for reading is weird ?????????? Like I'll snap ur neck don't disrespect the books.
Hair so weird now...
Always found something weird about their conduct
actually I need to move his neck/body a bit to the right cause it's weird ww
I woke up w this weird feeling about something
Blew my nose and a booger landed on my glasses. On my face. Today's going to be a weird day.
That\'s weird! I retweet his "cry baby" quotes... #DumpTrump
It was weird being o. the winners side of grand finals watching Ant and James in losers.
I still feel weird thinking I'll never see the skin underneath a piece again.
weird noticing how 60% of what i do nowadays is due to the influence of people i know but in a really good way, thanks to close soulfriends
I miss doing weird things with you
Replace Wildest Dreams with "Weird-ass Dreams". Totally dreamt that Danielle Haim was Taylor\'s love interest in the music video.
I also woke up half an hour late today, weird o_0
I always ask weird questions to my friends
its weird looking back at who i started 2015 with and who im ending 2015 with
Getting to work early so weird
Weird af
I hope not. That guy is weird and kind of boring.
Let's both be weird
Looking at photos and videos from a year ago is so weird. So much has happened
People are weird as fuuuuuuuckkkk!
weird eyes
10 Brands Who Got Weird to Achieve Their #Marketing Goals #: By out there I mean creating content that is on...
Why is the snooze on iPhones 9 minutes? It's so uneven I end up waking up at a weird number like 5:19. #morningOCDthoughts
today i am wearing a hat because i went to bed with wet hair and it's all weird. it's a big day for me.
Sometimes I feel like I live in the wood. Birds tweet every morning on my way 2 school! That's nice! But weird, I live in the city center!;)
Date someone you can be fucking weird as hell with who at the end of the day still wants to get naked with you
its like im some weird league twilight zone
Liberal Media Call Weird, Crude
I've lived in the city next to roads a lot. Sirens=common. Flat block alarms=hideous. Marching Drums=weird/unexpected!
This is brilliant.
I'm honestly so content rn and that is weird for me to say..
Weird Forgot #Turkey #US but go straight to blame #Russia Losing control in the #Caucasus #Armenia
im playing with a bunch of random people whove added me and god this is weird
omg tbh this is my second Twitter account (another is for another fandom) and it feels weird to start all over again
kinda weird that u can think about someone as much as uwant and they have no idea
Just be nice to the weird kids bc you never know #vote5sos #kca
I dreamt a so weird dream today. I met a ghoul who is sitting in a room. He pointed me to an old friend of mine. I feel so thrilled.
ooh that's weird. Not sure I'd want to be there. I've lots of friends who've been crept out by their kids speaking to people
can ANYONE EVER be weird enough
thanks for pointing out Netflix were showing Weird Weekends.I'd forgotten how good they were.My life has purpose again.
Weird that McDonnell's change of mind is A DISASTER but Government reversal on Saudi prisons is wise decision making. Hmm
Thanks bro. Weird to be happier with these than my previous rewards (HBK Warrior) as these make pros.
can iPhones even get viruses cause I just saw a weird popup af
Weather is so weird it says that there will be snow :D
That would be me, I'd be such a weird ghost
My god you're so fucking weird!!!!
Is it weird that I don't have that die hard desire to get married like most girls?
ew being nice to u felt weird
I just read this same tweats from Phil Steale 3 minutes before. Weird
You can, but the better question is why would you want to.. That's weird.
Keep on seeing the name Kit. It's so weird but nice
Earrings complete my outfit. When i don't have none in t look weird to me
Think it's weird how lately I've been feeling like I'm gonna end up in a bad car accident
i think its weird how some madison kids and warren kids know each other, were all connected
I love a politically conscious person, there's so much to learn from them...it's the fake woke, weird, Hotep-py ones t
Yea is totally weird at partys.
it's weird looking at who I started 2015 with and who I'm ending 2015 with.
Weird how this time last year I never thought I'd find happiness
It's weird how Selenators + Arianators always bash about Beliebers, but Beliebers are the only ones actually following back #sorrynotsorry
One of those days when everything happens.. significant things.. Life is so weird..
If I'm weird around you, it basically means that I'm comfortable around you
5 Celebrities That You Forgot Committed Terrible Crimes
[@delusorysmile]--shades of red made its appearance on the kenny\'s pale cheeks. "L-let\'s sleep together..b-but dont do something weird!"
dad is so weird hahaha
my nose made a weird noise and I jumped for my own damn life
I have no idea but I have like blood in my eye it's weird
#WriteAWillWeek until Sunday, so we have some fascinating facts about the mysterious yet vital world of wills
i took one of those weird online iq tests online and i got 153 and on the inside i just thought thats 15 off of shintaro kisaragi
Spoke to someone at the Echo today. Rodgers stopped talking to them (wasn't responding to calls or texts) after one of Pea
That weird moment while you study and have an erection at the same time...
I just realized I haven't been to nicks house in over a week this is weird :/
The fucking weird momment when all of us use phone to chat each other. -_-
Am I the only one that thinks this looks fuckin weird
I feel weird without my headphones
Upgraded my phone to Marshmallow and the UI gets a bit weird..? Like when I copy paste and home now scrolls vertically im not used to this..
Pretty sure tonight is my first visit to on my own since August. Weird.
I hate being home alone in this house, all I hear is weird things from upstairs
I swear I see so much weird shit in a day that I feel like I'm still stoned but idk what smoking has to do with anything
I liked a video from How Not To Heist - Games Are Weird 146
i had the strangest dreams last night, people faking their death and weird things at work lol wtf
What Newsweek calls "weird" I call the casus beli of our involvement in WWI.
it's like chips and gravy where I live people think it's weird
I hate wearing my hair straight bruh. Everybody always want me to wear straight hair and I never do because I look weird.
cara alien weird pretty super kind jm ily
I can't believe I actually wore a dress to school this feels so fuckin weird
Having acrylics on top of your already quite long nails looks so weird lolz
haha I know but a kebab at this time just sounds weird dunno why Atleast pizza u can eat it later aswell
I had a dream last night I met Calum in a weird house and I was hugging him and I told him I loved him and he started crying like me tf too
your are weird with me.
I want some watermelon is that weird lol maybe it's just because I'm black hmmmm I wonder
Funny Cat Sleeping in Weird Position | Lord Aries Cat: via @YouTube
the inside of grapes are really weird
Eric: you're weird. Alodia: *laughs* I know. Eric: good thing i love you. omg. i want to imagine Maine and Alden in this.
Telsa displays have an issue with air or water bubbles in the screen?
when u first start talking to someone and u act all proper bc u ain't sure when u can start being weird
why do I have such weird dreams
Exactly, and that time a weird alien spaceship flew over London on Christmas Eve.
its so weird being back here um
Promote #Amazon #Affiliate products AUTOMATICALLY with #blogger #GoldBox # 10 Brands Who Got Weird to Achi...
The face she makes when the cats do weird stuff lol hitting me with the "really...?
So far there's a weird CGI owl and sparkle effects over weird trumpet music. Huh.
iPhone autocorrect is weird.
Should WEIRD GAMER GUY (Onyx the Fortuitous) JOIN NERDIST? via @YouTube
I need to stop having these weird ass dreams.
I have a weird obsession with Decmin's eyes/face #SkyeBot
That makes no sense kinda weird but w.e
I liked a video Should WEIRD GAMER GUY (Onyx the Fortuitous) JOIN NERDIST?
i didnt see any papers exchanged...that's weird...
Mondays at Pryzm are exactly like Mondays at passion, it's so weird
but he didnt attack the arthas pop figure when i did that photo a while bk...weird
Boom, boom, boom. -What is that? -Sounds like a big bull heading this way? -Weird -When will it be here? -Hmm, rather soon, better run, son
That is just SO weird.
Ahs hotel is good but very weird
just weird and rare glad i found it music you must hear mind blowing definitely up next #$piritKilla
I have this weird cycle of being pretty angry with people and also self loathing at the same time. lmao Why do I do this
A Fresh Selection Of Funny, Weird And WTF Pics To Improve Your Mood And Put A Smile On Your Face!
Feels so weird deleting all my messages considering I haven't deleted any from July of last year
when we say that to you we mean don't change your goofy weird self that we love
...until you realize most of the wealth there was earned by people doing stuff like building $100k weird masonary outdoor fireplaces
I feel weird rn
I look so weird in instant shawl lol
its a weird beauty standard.. Who decided eyebrows had to look a certain way. *sigh
No shiz Sherlock.
idk why but it's attractive when a boy says your name when they are talking to you?!? idk is this just me who thinks this ?
its honestly so weird to me that people think its being pedophilic to ship gon and killua together like ???
hey it's ur birthday so happy birthday u weird one direction fan i dont like u that much
oh weird.. Yes mines a bit light but only in big stations. :)
... I had a pretty weird dream/nightmare of being back to college and weird things would happen. making people disappear.
I collect weird stuff.
Weird were already 1/4 done w school
Them people who text starz TV and have a proper conversation and even try and flirt with the host are weird asf
(which is probably why we still have a weird presidential system that wisely almost no one else uses)
And now next year in flying to Switzerland to meet 3 people I met online and that's so weird and dangerous
its so weird being like so attracted to boys n girls at the same time.. im not v good at bein a 50/50 bisexual tbh
Royal Mail fucked up an eBay transaction so much that I've now exchanged so many messages with the seller that it feels we
That's like a mirror of the ambulance story a week ago. Weird.
weird 4 me!last people i think will ever be this hateful re family;painful cos they re 2 close i dont even know how 2 deal with the emotion
yeah it doesn't even give me a big bro and lil sis vibe, it's just weird?? much prefer caroldaryl if i had to pick tbh.
anyway i'm watching America's Next Top Model now lmao this feels weird
those r cute but like .... the weird like "tribal" prints
it looks weird tho
Just commented on You need a drivers licence to use these weird-looking scooters -
it's weird...I got the same feeling about the Royals that I had around the ASB after yesterday. That swagger is back.
I really think I've developed an addiction to staying #woke and it's kinda my little (not so secret) secret idk in weird
i forgot that was back to school, that's weird not to have her answering straight away haha
is life, is bae is weird
Weird ah lynn
it's so weird how even after years of birth control your body just goes back to how it was before. It's amazing
5SOS' debut album sold more than the debut albums of Shawn Mendes, Demi Lovato, Ariana Grande, 5H and R5
I think it's time for ol' Gordon to get a promotion to Sergeant. Weird watching a Detective in second command to Capt.
I'm wearing literally all black today with a red and black flannel, i feel weird tbh. low self-esteem
Budgie smuggling? Just weird....
ikr, despite his weird look,he is not that bad
that'd be weird I've already tweeted it, then pinned it. I'd be weirdo if im gonna fav it
Feels weird having normal teeth
Visiting high school was kinda weird but good
getting closer and closer to your contributon to SW:M..."hey only one person wanted Ewoks! Weird!"
MM - Awkward
I remember when talked about meeting online and they met up and I was like 'omg that's so weird and dangerous'
Need Social Media Mktg Mngt. Visit: 10 Brands Who Got Weird to Achieve Their Marketing G
6 super-weird beauty tricks that work wonders
Should I use some weird silly emojis instead of used ones!
This guy is weird, who do you think you are?
Even if you combine DEMI (Demi's best selling album) and Reflection (5H) still won't outsell '5 Seconds of Summer
these pills got me feeling weird.
My brother text me [Part 3]: but we can't do anything about gun control. Weird.
Emo kid in my class weird bruh he ask me for my eraser and started using it on his face he said imma erase myself from da ear
"*Zooms avi*....nods No bra day some of us are really packaged so a day without a bra will be nice but weird to others"
Cheng hui is acting weird
got that weird cold that's going around?
WTF (Vine by Weird Vine)
ACNL is so weird sometimes
Thank you for meeting me, weird without other screaming girls around for once, hope you have/had a safe flight&lt;3
If he makes you feel good, makes you laugh can put up with your weird, he's a keeper.
It's weird how much people can change since the last time you talked to them.
It's so weird to me that I think it's so weird I have dark hair rn
Y'all bitches be weird af excuse my language
must be the generational thing persons talking bout which way they swing the thing for me is being weird it is ok
I meant to say that the G27 does something weird so it *doesnt* run at that. I could just try and see if anything explodes
First..... is muse for talk n text on pba opening day
Weird seeing in a suit on #MLBTonight made me realize he looks just like !!
16 year old guys are weird bc they either can't grow any facial/chest hair or they have full blown beards and really hairy chests wyd
That's the scariest thing ever
speaking of weird insults, I was trying to make Abacus into one for a while. Never could add up why the thought didn't multiply.
*she sighed* That was too weird...
Go Big, Go Weird, Go You, And Fuck Fear Right In The Ear:
the silence is good but still weird
Weird that McDonnell's change of mind is A DISASTER but Government reversal on Saudi prisons is wise decision making. Hmmm.
When the professor asks for participation and no one answers I feel like he's calling on me and it makes me feel weird
it'll be over in a few tho it feels weird
You wouldn't get arrested! You'd just get some weird stares.
I just cooked 3 eggs that I'm pretty sure were bad but i ate them anyway and now i don't know why I'm paranoid and everything seems weird
My brother text me [Part2]: When I heard it, I was thinking, it's weird how we can elect something like that ...
What do you do, that you're not sure whether everyone does it or if you're just weird? #askreddit
Okay, let's say it does, to what end? What will it achieve? That's what I'm after.
I've been watching Netflix for so long that when I turned on Sky I got really confused cause it looked weird
in other schools people pick partners after Christmas but idk man my school is just weird
I know Jordyn think I'm weird asf
i feel weird writing in here but HEY #elephantpizza1
Where anything that is not chicken or steak "has a weird consistency/texture". Like I doubt you\'ve tasted enough foods to say
A Husband Divorced His Wife After Looking Closer At This Photo He Took Of Her
It's impossible to delete a Skype account.
5|8 A Weird Ass Day
is there a meaning behind it or is he just really fucking weird???
Hahahaha!!! It's a weird life we lead
I love a politically conscious person, there's so much to learn from them...it's the fake woke, weird, Hotep-py ones that ruin it.
SEOSPAIN: 10 Brands Who Got Weird to Achieve Their Marketing Goals by
#spycam,#gloryhole,#toiletspy,#ShowerSpy,#SpyMom,#schoolgirlSpy: Bathing Latex Weird Wanker Jams Her Tits And...
Spurrier retires, Grier is out, Sark is an alcoholic/done at USC and Bielema does a wacky. Weird few days in college football.
Last first day of fall team practice tomorrow! #weird
Going out is gonna be weird its been like months since i last did
it is so weird. it is like she is reading my tweets.
Curly hair Yu is weird
The 15 Most Popular Sexual Fetishes Include Some Really Weird Shit
such a weird night
... Sometimes sneezing in weird :/
that is weird oranges should not make your stomach hurt lol
Weird dreams and little sleep.... #coffeetosurvive
It's weird to run around and stay in the same place: quite ridiculous
Noticed earlier that streets were basically empty and the few people outside appeared to have weird tics. Very unsettling.
What do these weird north Indian rituals have to do with honest Bongs Southies? @sidin
One of my favorite love teams here in Philippines ^_^ sounds weird but i really like them both
It's so weird to me how different my priorities are than the average person my age.
HAHAHAH SO WEIRD
So weird that a year ago did a 250k QnA and now he's past a million! But he still replies to fans, congrats a
It's weird how one person can make you so happy
The stuff that happens at Broken Arrow High School .....
Hearing someone's voice for the first time is weird when u were expecting different
ahs hotel is so weird
Keep waking up from weird dreams all week
kinda weird/funny reading Tapastic recommending Patreon considering a few of the users were using Tapastic to avoid Patreon for some reason
Had a weird dream about a vegetarian woman, very strange seeing as how I've not met herbivore
This is a weird post, but look how healthy and beautiful her body is! I wish that girls today would
how do all these creepy people find me on facebook?? so weird
Teachers shouldn't be allowed to use student bathrooms sorry it's just really weird
I always have such weird dreams when I take late naps.
that's weird as fuck
Now the post-event drop and readjustment begins. Going to be a weird-feeling week.
Cannot be unseen : this camels mouth looks like a weird dog head via /r/funny #funny
that's weird? Unions built all the major cities.
does anyone else get that weird gurgle in your throat sometimes bc wtf why
The lady sits across me on the train is crying and she's making weird noise.
ugh my earrings came out in my sleep and now I have none in and it feels weird
Weird Spice That Destroys Diabetes
it's still weird okay
Lahat na... weird tho
I want one
Apparently someone tried logging in on my fb and fb stopped them! weird but good job guys
Top 5 World's Weirdest Restaurants - #food #restaurants #weird #\xa3ta\xd0bor\xd0a via Dailymotion
yes, but sometimes even if it an , it just appears "tweet unavailable". weird.
" weird how it relates to each day ahhh so true!
The Parkson employees all gave me a weird stare seeing me pay for a Barbie doll. I quickly told them "ini hadiah utk adik pe
So going to bed before 2:30 feels weird to me.
My voice sounds so weird
You know u have a weird dog when she sees her tail and bites hard and then freaks out... . #ohsage
The human mind is a weird and magical organ. It can lead me to write books and make moves like yesterday. Or it can keep me from sleeping.
[makes a weird face at the chirp, suddenly realizing he place on the food chain]
my friends think it's pretty weird crushing on a teacher but little did they know that I love a 38 year old man who calls
do u ever look at ur friends and just think: "wow we\'re gonna be weird adults"
and it was yesterday.. maybe you're going to receive the others during the week? but srsly thats weird
It's weird how... when I drink coffee in the morning... I can literally feel the exhaustion melt away from my eyes. #coffee
I've never blocked someone I liked even if we had a falling out lol that's so weird
Just weird, how does it happen??? He disappear that fast... Any ways, I don't believe in ghost... #Paranormal feeling shocked
My cat is sad because I confiscated his wine after he got wasted on it began folk dancing in a weird, mournful way.
I'm tweeting myself is that weird
How am I just now realizing how effin weird this sitch is ? ? ?
#Seo 10 Brands Who Got Weird to Achieve Their Marketing Goals by Creating content that is on t...
I have a weird obsession with vultures
How weird is it that I'm 18 next year
When my school mates pay me for the commission in school, I always feel weird cause the teachers just stare at me
lol yeah it be like that when I first moved there it's weird af
you're not weird, you're just on another class which the society cant reach
your profile pictures are weird lol
Saw a phone which is really the same phone he lost. Same case scratches. So weird.
Weird ass y
Weird dream......
10 Jaw Dropping Examples Of Why The Japanese Are Weird!
It's going to be weird this season without seeing the HBC slam his visor against the Vols.
you are a weird one Dan, don't ever show me something like this again
It's just weird that my pc, my phone, my work pc sync, my laptop doesn't.
think about it well.. It actually make sense
it was like a weird chorus of "be there soon!!"
When you go back to work and everybody is acting weird and dont know what to say to you so they just keep hugging you... please stop!
"drapes pillow with a blanket" that sounds so weird lol
It's not even 8:00 yet and it's already a weird day
Top 5 World's Weirdest Restaurants - #food #restaurants #weird #\xa3ta\xd0bor\xd0a via @DailymotionUSA
wasnt the girls name really weird
Where is my Ruby method defined?: Recently I noticed that the present? method was exhibiting weird behaviour [ruby]
tmw you're the one drawing those hiphop monster and the hyungs are so weird esp rapmon the duck and v the monkey. i.
Had some weird dreams last night
Weird that, though because it's not a European plug socket with it... Hmm
weird kaw
Weird .. What!? All of them live without the only thing that funds them, War? We'll just see something else redressed.
Day 4 of Marriage: pointing out a weird cloud to my wife
Ew wtf that's weird.
Weird logic in Quebec
24 Simple Life Hacks That Will Forever Change Your Life
I hadda remove the pop figures frm this cause oryx kept attacking them...weird but funny lol #Starcraft
If someone isn't a little extra in some way, then they're either boring, stupid, or worst of all - static. Be intense/we
10 Brands Who Got Weird to Achieve Their Marketing Goals by albertcostill #advertising #marketing
Weird for October, but nice dog!
Bought my first pack of smokes today, this adult thing is weird
Ok , the key is saying weird things .
that is so so weird...
I feel weird when students call teachers by their first names
I have a weird urge to actually try McDonalds in Rome...just because I've had it in DC, and in London...
I' m weird
I need to stop watching criminal minds right before bed I have some weird ass dreams after
I think that quesadilla caused some weird dreams
I CAN BE: weird silly serious quiet outgoing wild sweet funny kind dramatic sarcastic creative romantic but re
-172 GET WEIRD TOUR
ft my weird hand again
Al Bundy never wanted to have sex with Peggy now that I'm paying attention. He hated her. Weird ass couple #MarriedWithChildren
"Sorry if this is weird at all, I\'ve been told I\'m to cuddly for my own good, I-I can stop if you\'d like me to."
C\x82line Keeps Things (Mostly) Weird for Its Spring 2016 Runway Bags
I think I must've read it afterwards then. Heard the school story years b4 I saw film so it was weird learning it had bn him!
Weird that America coincidentally gets poorer, weaker, fatter and less cohesive at the same rate.
pre-judgemental views of people for a particular thing / person are very weird thing. it make a person too conservative. :(
the one about jas is like harry bc of her weird pics on ig
The Placebo Effect Can Make You Enjoy The Same Old Video Games More: The weird and wonderful impacts of the pl...
would it be weird to cry in class over an exam grade??
weird i keep getting notification from this acc and she doesnt even follow me
OH YMGOS YOU'RE HERE THIS IS SO WEIRD AHAHAH
so the south of heaven is weird as hell to play
pap selfie dongss stay weird
About to get home to a truly empty home for the first time in a decade. Feels weird.
i feel this weird sense of attachment to him thats not romantic or anything its just....weird
got a VPN tonight. gonna go look at some weird porn and no one will know. ... Send.
Thank you so much! It'll be kinda weird not having to travel too far
Season 3 of #RayDonovan is weird as hell
somehow pens always go mysteriously missing.. Is there a lil pen troll with a weird obsession that just goes around collec
The privy council entrance ceremony is very weird. Cameron did it and so should Corbyn.
I'D RATHER HAVE SOCKS THEN HAVING A BUNCH OF FAKE PEOPLE TAKING ADVANTAGE OF ME WITHOUT APPRECIATION.
By weird coincidence #FeelTheBern is what happens to Bill Clinton every time he pees.
I literally out no make up on except mascara and it feels so weird
We're weird
When extreme ideas infiltrate the crowd, every single opposite idea will sound weird will appear to be THE extreme idea.
State Trooper Caught With Pants Down Having Sex on Hood of Car in Broad Daylight
I'm not weird. I'm limited edition.
I'm 99% sure you think I'm weird. And I'm 100% sure I don't care.
i was really sayin that this morning thats weird
Also please don't be offended if I ignore your messages. My Twitter is being weird and won't let me send anything.
I find it so weird when random girls from like Essex follow me on instagram
This weird feeling of being disappointed that A-Tom didn't really swear lol #toppdogg_oasis
hes so weird
I thought this falafel in my morrisons salad tasted weird it's a fucking onion bhaji
" Excuse me .. I got 10/10 in a spelling test once... for some weird reason autocorrect is f***ing me over" cute
weird to be in a minority in my seminar group and outnumbered by English people haha
ya gotta stop writing weird stuff
i stay having the same weird ass dream
When the broadcasters say 'What was he thinking??' after a bad play, you already know the answer: he was thinking. #Do
unfriended is a weird fuckin movie
Energy Bar and Gel Ingredients Explained
Eric: you're weird. Alodia: *laughs* I know. Eric: good thing i love you. omg. i want to imagine Maine and Alden in this. haha. AKO NAMAN.
Nothing kills my mood more than being surrounded by weird ass caadan kids in the morning
it adds the causal story. Unless you mean something weird by causation (which many RECers do)
Happy birthday to the big dawg !!!
So weird not having tennis
In three words, how would you describe your best friend? Weird, annoying, the best from the rest !
no wonder you're so weird...... I guess it has a lasting effect
Ghosts are pretty weird, right?
I feel like a majority of the nerdy ppl i know are also at least a little metal.....and I'm just chillin over here in weird indie land
Arre this was some super technical CS research talk! Smileys are weird in such talks.
Dear Friends, I gained 6038 .. Signup Now! -
david is bare weird man
it\'s weird to think that when they are back touring this will be a "fetus" picture
Five Weird Paranormal Mysteries via @Answersdotcom
Hope this doesn't sound creepy or weird, but now I'm getting kinda curious of what you look like.
No bcs m weird.
thats a weird horse
certainly weird
I expect you are aware of this case, please consult link video. Would appreciate your comments (
Everyday I walk into creative writing thinking nothing can top the weird things said last class and everyday I'm proved wrong
I mean all girls have one weird thing and she has that damn two knife for one sandwich shit that makes me crazy
Ah alright. True that. I guess I'll b-b-b-BUY GYVHBJBJKN. Whew that was weird.
hbd to my best friend of 10 years!! thanks for trying weird sports with me and making me laugh 24/7love u so much
i have a weird side that only a few know about.
A tree outside my window is infested with beetles in the trunk and a weird mildew on its leaves and yes, its bark is wor
So weird!!!
"It\'s 6:00am and I can\'t tell if my roommate and his girlfriend are low key going at it or if she snores weird as fuck
"I see seliah being weird again"
Weird noises when listening via internet. Any clues?
am I the only who thinks ice cream pot is weird
Oh man, I love that game! Weird how fun it can be!
Such a weird.
How about Weird Al versions of MJ songs? #EatIt #Fat
boys are weird n I don't understand them
I had a weird dream
I hear you! But watching guys tackle and man handled each other while I have no clothes on seems.... weird
why is my nephew so weird
robotsandfrippary: wildflower-howell: peterpetrrelli: i love the mythbusters theyre like those weird...
ya really weird kiddo
BANGTAN SONYEONDAN OFF STAGE: -Crazy -Weird -Hyper -Funny ON STAGE: -Jaw dropping -Slaying -Burning -Amazing
Good morning! Look at their faces - LMAO!
we should make some this winter! I've been on this weird soup frenzy lately
Yeah, I tend to avoid indiegogos out of the fact that they're these weird non-specific money sinks.
HAHA omg that was weird I saw it I thought it was so cringe but max and charlie are damn hot why you never tell me earlier!!!
weird david lynch dystopian birthday party chicken town cave music
Weird, thats mine too! Ran into my ex at CVS
feels so weird not sleeping with my bf , I miss his warmth
I get told that I'm weird almost everyday of my life no shame at all
mimetic humor is the second lowest form of humor. the first being mine (weird porn).
Driving past the Lee Rigby memorial earlier was a very weird feeling to say the least
Had a dream that I was some kind of weird air fish rider.
So Weird but I like it in a different way
Idk East Asians are just fuckin weird, mostly Japanese people
Hi. I have a website now. It's weird. But a good weird. I'm happy about it. I'm still fixing it up.
my dog is deaf and blind and going senile so doesn't like pats and stuff. She is weird lol little shit
This kids are so fucking weird
is it weird to watch porn in public?
and no i don't mind at all! english and japanese are both not my native language so they can be weird at times lmao
My cousin new girlfriend weird and head shaped funny
Whyy cant that fucking channel get any of the boys's songs already im sick of all this weird asses who sing
Latest News: #Weird: Governor Fayose Releases His Personal Phone Number To Ekiti People
My cat is being weird
yeah that's weird to say the least
Second episode of Heaven's Lost Property was WTH Weird.
Being among romanians in germany is weird af
it's gonna be weird.
Hmm.. but Avex have always been good with their goods and all....... so weird...
my track DS9 Riddim opens up this fine selection of kinda dark kinda weird kinda October-y music from @AlanHOSTAGE! ht
I like this weird ass song...
life without problems tu seems so weird
see I thought that was someone's recycling bin that just looks weird but when I got home I realised it was the new bin
Repeating a common word over and over until it loses all meaning and sounds weird is called semantic satiation.
Taec said he went to Osaka Castle this morning, but my hair style was weird XD
- I usually squench...squanching is so weird ;)
warming up
godnsmait throwback to when i said jiho's name weird and vino laughed for 5 minutes
Weird, no gun control rants from Democrats. 'September was Chicago's deadliest month since 2002, with 60 homicides.
they taste so weird
Not cute at all, just plain weird!
Its gonna be weird going to school during reading week
Interesting - EVER wondered where some of Australias strangest sounding places got their names from? Here are...
when someone likes you more than you like them (or vice versa). things tend to get weird not work.
The weird and wonderful things that go on behind the scenes at Ersties
It looks super weird but tastes were bomb! #rawliver #delicious #japan #fukuoka
Woke Up With A Weird Ass Feeling.
It's so weird hearing certain people call me by my full name and certain people call me by my nickname
I wanna know who takes the twins pictures, like isn't weird for someone to take a pics of you like this ??
yup ... i often see u alot at cafe 2 Really? Hmm weird yeah I'm most of the time at cafe2
let me in ur friend group ill be that weird kid who occasionally says funny stuff and who nobody actually likes
Feeling a bit crazy #crazy #love #lovely #sun #sunny #crazyface #weird #fashion #natural #nature
WATCH: Wild bear goes on a rampage in school
it gets weird
Must Know Weird Stuffs On Everyday Food You Must Stop Before Taking A Bite
Be silly .. Be kind.. Be weird..
It just looked weird and awesome.
i have no idea. years of obsessing over Conan and other weird things.
Its really weird if friends just too sensitive and doesn't want to reply .... Hahahaha... #annoying #gggrrr
weird looking grapes that taste godly.
Twitter is weird
Should've streamed me making up shit in Unity but chickened out oops. Kinda weird, doesn't happen often.
Sorry for that weird @ tried to blow a hair off my screen but spit on it then tried to wipe it off but @ replied You c
#tshirt #tee Originally designed men or women's tshirt psychedelic print aliens SCI-FI unique weird hip urban illus
congrats Whitney! Love this story weird stuff.
its weird how different your life could be if people found you more or less attractive
Is it weird watching wedding proposals on youtube?
this is weird...
. The Owler community has created your company profile:
time differences are so weird
So it's feels really weird for not to see them anymore for this 2 years..But anyway ofcourse us ELF will wait for them and WonKyuWook too!
you've always gotta make it weird dont you
A weird flying Hippo thing that I can't spell without checking order.
I've been seeing weird shit out of the corner of my eye lately but when I actually look there's nothing there ..
Weird Thing Can Also Be Smart via /r/IOT
NeoUnderscore twigs is weird bro so fucking weird.
Help, I have weird friends
someone just said "not to be weird or anything, but you\'re like really pretty" that just made my day
so no selfie? :( "KenixNuneo: Taec said he went to Osaka Castle this morning, but my hair style was weird XD"
whenever I glance at the clock or what time my music is at its always 3:14 which is especially weird considering that's my birthday
I look up to you to see weird things on twitter in the morning...Step it up @Konkr_
Last year, I had someone hit me with "you weren\'t there, you don\'t know" as a defense of Columbus Day. Y\'ALL ARE WEIRD AS FUC
#SEO 10 Brands Who Got Weird to Achieve Their Marketing Goals by
weird that I fell asleep w two people in my room and no roommate then I wake up w five people in my room plus my roommate
So weird just to feel numb to everything that happens now
the fact that your not here is fucken weird
The world's weirdest skyscrapers in pictures
I do weird things when I don't get enough sleep
That's as far as I know. If you block me, do let me know so I can take a screenshot into a collage and win some weird Scandinavian art award
HE LOOKS LIKE THE WEIRD ASS BALLOON GUY DO YOU KNOW WHO IM TALKONG ABOUT
I did a little piano cover of Hey Everybody! Hope you like it boys
#NoBraDay what what lol this is kinda weird but I'm down who's with me
This ji weird. Like the whole concept
"today feels weird, rosi it\'s not being loud" my teacher lowkey trying my set
I just woke up from a dream about and it was weird
That shit is weird though, as you observe them doing what they're doing, you're on the side looking like that's where I get that from lol
"Verdadero" such a weird word
The sneezing monkey with an upturned face, and other other weird species
Mondays make me so weird
it gets weird but better at the same time
weird. That must be very frightening. @_Melliscious_
Bytches b weird!
HAHAHAHHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHA I'M SO SORRY BUT THIS IS SO FUNNY EVERYONE PROBS THINKS UR WEIRD AF BUT I FEEL YO
My western civilization professor is so weird
thank you aaaaa it's been a weird road to get here but DAMN I'm blessed
if I lived in Korea could I wear hanbok on special holidays or would it be weird or anything since I'm a foreigner ?
Wish I could stop having these god awful weird ass dreams.
both of y'all are weird af
Why are all the crisps here weird flavours? Pizza flavour, spaghetti flavour, corn on the cob flavour. But no ready salted.
ok peter is kris aka wufan in foodies. Did u remember him? Kinda weird when someone call me vasco here haha. So so,you?
My fave thing lately is washing my balls, smelling them ,and giving you an idea on what they smell like and I\'m "weird".
That doesnt even LOOK like Ilya I can hear them say. And you know, it must be pretty weird to suddenly have new canon (for a given value)
That's weird I'm not seeing or hearing no vibes about that show
It's weird cause you're the only one who can make my heart so happy and you don't even know it..
my sem teacher is weird asf
I think it was a weird weekend for everyone
Funny Cat Sleeping in Weird Position via /r/cats
i get to be at school until 8pm tonight....expect some weird tweets everyone
yeah. happened to me too. so weird
(Weird flag emoji that I spent 5 min looking for but can't find) I FREAKING LOVE U SHOUT OUT TO U, U BEAUTIFUL HUMA
This week keeps getting weird for me. I've laughed about all the other things, like the woman's sick hitting me. Today's thing is a low blow
make up is weird. #magicpowers
that is weird. Mb she was worried about where u were taking her. Z said she doesn't like riding in cars.
It's weird that a grown man is this fascinated with what happened to his friend's penis 30 years ago.
Yeah, weird that...
All coffee'd up and ready to get weird. Let's do this! For more good stuff, go to
oversleeping is not fun, head feels weird now. dreamt i was back in ww2 and people were being shot around me
that's weird af to me
20 Weird Facts You Probably Didnt Know About Cats
Please don\'t make it weird by asking me to perform anything beyond breathing today."
I think wonderfully weird is an accurate summary. ;)
do you ever get in those really weird moods that you can't even explain what you're feeling it's like everythings mixed
Seems like the nominees are having their versatility and problem solving abilities tested.
I liked a video from Weird Line Wednesdays! - Christopher Chann: Part 2
Day 13, William Powell, one of those weird crushes I can't explain. Done with #Inktober #Inktober2015
it\'s pretty weird that "The Hills" has been at #1 for more weeks than "Can\'t Feel My Face" now
ikr it's so weird seeing him without rings
My professor is weird af lol asking the class to pick someone they are attracted to from class then asking us each in front of everyone
You should be nobody's second choice. And if you are, they are just that, nobody.
its so weird seeing my friends drive
anime club has been hella weird, but i love u guys
weird creatures use weird lang
WaPo's Ignatius: Obama's Weird 'I Told You So' About His Own Failed Syria Policy
Check out GET WEIRD with Coe Moto! Available for the next 15 days via
this happened to me a couple years ago too. Weird ennit
Emotional stress and frustration can often cause you to express things you don't mean to those you care about the most.
it's weird right?!?
her thumb looks really weird i swear to god
i'm in a really emotionally weird place right now and i don't know if itemising this Top 15 Waifus list is helping or hindering
like...a Larry diss track is exactly what I signed up for. People are weird.
My 8 am is such a weird class.
Mostly weird dreams. .-.
Feels weird not being on the phone with her in the morning
weird that both and toward bottom of the list and set a record for HR in a postseason game. #windblown
my classmates think that i'm super weird cause i only like jp songs
Internet people have weird problems.
I woke up from a dream mumbling parts of my midterm review. Not weird at all.
It's so weird how I talk to people about meeting Nathan and I say so casually that he knows who I am but that's actually pre
To all #WeirdAlYankovic fans. The World of Weird Al is now recruiting new members. Please join the discussion today.
"How can we make this place more diverse?" Me - \'hire some fit bitch, some tasty skirt to liven the atmosphere\' ... "So I was saying..."
my dreams are bout the future or the now its so weird
They look weird
you would think it was bc of some weird YouTube search but it was actually just viral on Twitter and vine for a while
mike that sounds good but can u like, come out form the kotatsu it feels weird to just be talking to a pair of arms
women weird yo
why do i sneeze after I cough #weird
It's so weird lookin tho
well i was hoping they would come or might have come and i was knocked out lol had quite an odd dream about Hillary Clinton weird.
#Inktober 13. This one came out weird. Oh well.
yeah, I'll try the suburbs next time. It's really weird for me to have bad nights. Normally I sleep like a rock.
Idk bout ya but it's mad weird when folks that don't follow you favorite any mentions you get or send.
I look like a girl today. #weird
I really hope the photo sent to my dad and my sister or that's gonna be a weird message
This is just too weird
The pictures me and send eachother are rather weird
this is so weird and absurd tf
is it Shokugeki no Souma Where weird tentacle rape imagery is key indication of food production prowess
dats why he be doing weird shit
Feels weird being up this early!!
Your smile. Your eyes. Your voice. Your lips. Your hair. Your laugh. Your hands. Your jokes. Your weird faces. Your tea
kik me;; Don't be weird cause I'll block lol
So weird thinking when I say bye to people at school today I really will never see almost all of them ever again
My employer is so weird.. Ugh! Why do u want to see me every Mon-Fri from 9-5.. Like 'why are you so obsessed with me' #MeanGirls #workflow
Weird things I'm passionate about: pit bulls, girls with curly hair wearing it natural, and Brussel sprouts. All underrated amazing things
Something fishy going on: Creature comes back to life AFTER being cooked zombie Fish!
But Rusev? I would have HATED him when I was younger cause he's weird in the ring. But I love him cause his gimmick does WORK for me, haha.
Office hours are weird. I have seldom known a stronger craving for a chocolate bar, but I must stay put in case a wild student appears...
HAHAHA i just find it weird everytime u nak amek barang zalora from 7/11!
it feels weird to not study HAHAHAHAH.
jaydee too cute haha lol i can't when he uses smileys it's too weird haha #bestbossever
where did you go to look up dream meanings? i've had some weird ones a while ago and i've always wanted to know what they mean
Ice always considered it weird that UI designer is a thing of its own. Maybe because you don't notice a good UI and only a broken one. 1/2
I before E except when you run a feisty heist on a weird beige foreign neighbor.
Buy filters (even weird sizes) online and ship them directly to your home! #simplygreatservice
:-) The Wait is done, found a breach in the Warp and ended on a Weird Planet Called Nexus, filled by Weirder and...
It's weird to worried about a bitch who don't even know you.
Weird side of Youtube.
Emo. Gay. Nerdy. Shrek enthusiast. Desperate for someone that doesn't think I'm weird. Number: 666-666-6969 #bot
finna rko one of these weird ass emo kids
unless she was giving birth I don't even get it. Cars were backing up tryna let her pass. So weird.
i found asmr vids after experiencing it and then researching it. It can seem weird to people if you don't feel the effects.
The family that lives across the street from me is weird asf and I want my dog back
It's weird not checking your mail everyday. Thanks Cerv @ 50.
It's a weird morning
This man is weird. Even so, I'm incredibly happy I get to call him my
these kids so weird
Blood guts weird pagan magic yes it's time for my favourite tv show
Thobile says u mastermind is weird , is because unonjroyi does things to him when having s** that thabil doesn't know how
Weird, huh?
"It\'s so weird that you know Spanish. You can just call me a bad name and I would love it." omg.
Weird class
Whoa. Thats a super weird and useful reality check.
I liked a video from Weird Line Wednesdays! - Christopher Chann
Louis Theroux's leather jacket from Weird Weekends, was everything. Please bring it back to BBC soon
Yeah I know... Weird. Mom, I'm sorry about Ame...
me Hidea conversations be so weird sometimes .
10 Weird Moments In Japanese Anime That Will Make You Scream "WTF!" -
Im so weird why did i even
What's this weird looking 'blo in my beer?: submitted by grumpypippo [link] [1 comment]
I have one weird family, I tell ya.
Daily Q A! - October 13, 2015: Welcome to the daily Q A! Have we been using some weird terms? Is there a t...
I think Switch makes it feel weird to me. Also all the drunk, middle-aged straight people
It feels weird voting in a Student Union elections and not running in one...
It's gonna be Fashola. I can bet that. Fayemi for foreign affairs.
I feel like I dress weird
I heard he is super weird n creept in it! You have reminded me I need to watch it~
Man survives on ants for six days in remote Australia - DunyaNews Pakistan #weird
Jet lag is just so random and weird. 2100: YOU MUST SLEEP 0230: Awaken! Its pooping time! 0300: Ok maybe a little more sleep 0445: AWAKEN!
My friends have to love me no matter what it's funny coz im crazy and weird
thats for sure. Weird Raw but overall still fun.
Probably yes. So weird with Etuna, getting this far and right now it looks like they will dissolve, lol...
Weird how yelling "Go back to sleep!!!!" at your body has the opposite effect from what you want.
But tbh my ex cool AF lol I can kick it with her.. Now I see she weird AF. But I can still kick it
It's weird looking back at who I started 2015 with who I'm ending 2015 with
My dad just used this emoji -->; &lt;-- in a text to me (my dad has had a smartphone for a week) and I cannot.... it feels weird. #Parents
quit videoing the teacher it's freaking weird.
Back in London after an amazing few days in Ibiza! Feel so out of touch it's weird having wifi again!!
He looked up at him. "Wh-Why are you acting s-so weird?"
the video was so weird
Wore my retainer for the first time since we got out of school and my teeth feel hella weird
Achieve Your Marketing Goals by Getting Weird. It\'s a fine line to tow, but who doesn\'t live humor "abi" normal?!
degraded vertebral cartilage was easily replaced with synthetics and motion sickness quelled with drugs, but they still just acted *weird*
I just don't like Mars much the vibe is weird
yours may not get picked... Just a heads up! Any other weird/wonderful challenges?!
"its weird! i enjoy making people cry! it gives me life! buT FUCK IT WHY CANT I STAND IT IF ITS YOU I DONT GET IT I DONT I DONT I"
That weird feeling you get once you cum. All these bullshit of sex just ends when this yellow juice pop out.
"Free Report Reveals" . . Weird method of making $688.32 per day using these simple techniques
Acceptance is so weird lol
YOUR IN THE NEWS PAPER This is weird
Weird things you do in museums #6847: Dressing up as a 70s murderer for photo shoot for Stayin' Alive at Hartlebury
Is this even an assignment like its not right this is a weird situation i caNT
no. Your dog.
weird me
Well, if you wanted to get all weird and freaky, you just could've asked, love.
Welcome @weird_hist
When u try to write a nice { but shit looks like some nanny mcphee or some weird ass witch nose
The weird thing is that there's a two-step flow happening, where the public, through media, unwillingly spreads it. @eyeSTILLgotU
everyone dies mate. They then come back as the munchkins in Wizard of Oz. might have made a weird leap there
trying not to be weird
5sos singing Nickelback gives me life
Weird ass angle
my dog sits wit me while I use the bathroom idk if that's cute or weird
College is weird because it's really fun but at the same time it's really stressful, and you miss home but you miss college when you're home
I don't feel comfortable using the white person hand emojis idk it's super weird to me
I woke up mid way through like wow that was weird and went back to sleep but it was the same dream
Kirby's great - master napper. Other farm: turkeys are weird, like small dinos
Weird Thing Can Also Be Smart #IoT
Work every weekend just to get out of town... #HeyEverybody! #ARIAS5SOS
#Nobel-winning #economist worried prize phone call was #prank #NobelPrize #AngusDeaton
idk fam its just weird i odnt know what happens i wonder how long itll grow until he gets it cut
I hate when teachers are late. I only want to start the lesson in time so I don't have to wait alone pretending to have friends to text
Your still weird
It\'s so weird especially when I know that they\'re "friends" and trained together for 4Minutes debut...
So weird to see that. Here in San Francisco, we're having a heat wave.
it was honestly weird as hell because he looked just like you except slightly more ginger and he was pretty lanky
This weather is so weird.
Wonder leash for Hammell. Can't imagine Lester in play -- how weird was it that TOR used Price yesterday, especially up big?
Shazam A Hang 2.0 full video has just been uploaded! Watch here: - em
It's weird bc I slept like 6 hours and I normally need 12
Had a weird ass dream lol
No time. Just in case his children's mates start getting too excited. Baba will just up and walk out.
So weird taking a pic with out my
TTHIS GUY STOLE THAT REALLY WEIRD DOG'S BOWL AS A REPLACEMENT FOR A MILKING PAIL AND. I SONT KNOW EHRE TO BEGIN WITH THI
Op got some weird ass people
This is weird... I'm in a good mood
Well you could say that I got a weird boner in some part and very pelik.Its so hard to explain because I have to
It's gonna feel so weird w/o my braces due to the fact I've had them on for so long
WATCH: Crazy Russian loves hanging around wacky stunt will blow your mind
Awesome Amateur Cleavage Show (Photo Album)
that guy from Saturday was pretty weird
or he's just a tiny bit weird
yes he looks so beautiful that i can hardly let him go. i thought he will look weird with shaved hair, but oh
Getting out of work at 8 am is a weird feeling.
I had a dream last night I met Calum in a weird house and I was hugging him and I told him I loved him and he started cry
Just wanna roll around making weird noises cuz somehow it helps with the period pains.
Is it weird that I almost wanna see this abomination now?
Toes look so weird when they not painted ; ladies always paint your nails before putting sandals or open toed shoes
Gonna be weird going home this weekend
Working 9-5 feels so weird after just doing weekends
People think it's weird that I sleep with my bedside lamp on but I don't see why..I think it makes a great hat!
avi - i look so weird
and.... Adding me to "weird list"
Shit got weird with
the lemonade i got from cfa tastes so weird
this is weird but I woke up in a good mood
I kinda like weird
i had a crush on this weird looking girl, maybe i took "soorat se nahi seerat ache honi chahiye" way too seriously.
I dont understand why dreams are so weird!
I'm all for weird. Shit, I'm a dude who claims to be a pug, I think it shows that I generally throw in with weird.
Too many weird stuff happened yesterday but I dunno what these things even mean
Weird bug I've experience from TF2 is when wearing a face mask your class's face will act like it's none existing.
like rn or later on because I have to get ready for school
dreams been weird lately but at least i'm starting to remember them
feels weird my mum driving me round
Find out why this road sign is making motorists blush
what's this weird eye picture thing on Instagram?
Something fishy going on: Creature comes back to life AFTER being cooked
its so weird and uncomfortable it's like i miss hanging out with him but now we tried to be romo i'm afraid it might be ruined
S/o to everyone in the parking lot that gave me weird looks for blasting Christmas music, love ya
that literally happens to me all the time it's so weird lol no joke
Newcastle on Lyme. Stoke is weird af geographically
weird that Bravo isn't the last thing I see when I leave for school.
The word "Weird" LOL :) @designeranne80
im so weird at picking my icons
My Mom Dad Always On This Weird Shit Like
I\'m like home alone then there was some weird noise in the house followed by a " shhhh " then the noise immediately stopped omg
I have weird feelings when it comes to the phrase "at the end of the day..."
so weird....
yes he looks so beautiful that i can hardly let him go. i thought he will look weird with shaved hair, but oh well
i'm sure Sophia is so weird and funny but she is so private i want to know my mom better sjjxj
There are some weird people in here
Cannot be unseen : this camels mouth looks like a weird dog head
TheIoT: Weird Thing Can Also Be Smart #IoT
HAHA i did some weird strayan novel that i only used bc the librarians recommended it xD
Theres something weird about these cheerleaders.62 see the whole story
Last night was so weird..
sounds...........weird............
Im the easiest person to become friends with. U can come into my DMs like "bitch let me tell u about Georgina" and I\'d be li
lol.....same thing i said.
lmao me af
ilysm idk why im saving ur photos *hopes u dont feel weirded out* but yeah hi mom im so weird sorry
my cat is rlly weird
its was weird lmao his first question to me was where i was from lmao
Dear Friends, I gained 3342 .. Signup Now! -
i have weird heart-related anxieties (my MH and my heart are linked by paranoia and history)
I'll never forget that weird shit bruh god forghi me 4 acting like some one was speciaL when u clearly showed me ...
Wha? An error? "Non-existent ID"...? That\'s weird... This doesn\'t happen often.
in my new class are ppl who played osu in course and watch also anime *^* it was rlly weird to have ppl who also talk about that stuff >;\\\\\\&lt;
This is a weird picture
I'm wearing joggers today bc of y'all and they feel kind of weird and I think I look dumb but this is for you...my fans.
The weird call I received awhile ago
I lov when plebs give me the aux cord bc I can easily play entry level shit and they\'re like "omg this is so weird and cool!!"
it's only 12 ep? I also thought the step sibling thing is weird. Love Rain anyone?
it's so weird i kept being all 'this is not a cat. it's large.'
Weird how some people think MSG is toxic when it's a salt of sodium and glutamate, an amino acid that is part of every cell i
he\'s gonna be like "Excuse me .. I got 10/10 in a spelling test once... for some weird reason autocorrect is f*
Whatever.. They taste weird..
I've been blushing alot lately. Lol it's so weird
It be weird when i have dreams of people i dnt even fw instead if the ppl i fw
It's very rare that you'll catch me ready and out of the house before 9 am. So today's weird already.
It's weird, I recognise the areas but at the same time, I don't? #Thanet
At work registering on rental sites........I need a vehicle.......ite still weird looking outside and not seeing mine
ok lol my sentence sounds weird
I do have a brimming hope for the next generation of politicians. They'll transform this country. Lots of them are scholars and leaders
Does anyone else find it weird that Rowan Williams is still on Synod? Vicars are normally expected to move out of their old parishes.
It's yesterday's really weird blogging given a veneer of journalistic significance by Salon.
You better not have some strange ulterior motive... If you do anything weird, I swear Ill scream.
I've always found it sort of weird. Maybe that makes me an anomaly, but even when I was a teenager, I wasn't like that.
whatcha got
it's weird, a little intense rn! She's stuck in the room with the nan she's just staring at her
This is a really weird way of going about this man.
Dreams are so weird but necessary.
Weird angry bookkeeper "making his own style" guy
Birthdays are weird now that i think about them
so many weird ppl here at the dmv
why am i talking to vernon in bahasa only wtaf so weird
Im so weird and Seth just goes with it
Im nothing like those other boys, I am so weird.
there's such weird people @ my school I cry
is it weird that im glad my upstairs neighbour is showering at their usual time?
ahh bollocks it's just for London. Weird BC I checked the other day and there was none hmm
Apparently today is #NoBraDay? Twitter is gonna get weird/awesome.
That felt weird
that's weird xD
is that how they're wearing them this season? Fashions weird!
It's weird. Every person from high school I find on twitter, they haven't posted since last spring. :s
Excuse me .. I got 10/10 in a spelling test once... for some weird reason autocorrect is f***ing me over awww
Kinda agree with Lenovo\'s newest tagline. "A lot of weird things turn out to be good. Here\'s why we embrace good weird
weird, you Don't hear German studentd complaining at Oktoberfest
Embrace the weird! I love all of you characters! They make life more fun.
Weird News ::...
NOT THE POINT THO. TAKE CARE OF UR BABES. PAY ATTENTION TO THEM. GET A MAMMOGRAM EVERY YEAR. GET CHECKED OUT IF SOMETHINGS WEIRD! #NoBraDay
i think its a joke becus.these r weird things
It's kinda weird that sometimes it feels good that something's not normal.
That's honestly so weird and not ok
I used carbolic and methylene chloride.
weird unnies
Now I'm on break with Sandy..why do I get all the weird ones?? Haha
yeah, didn't consider it serious, but I think the rumours will start. Weird player.
This is honestly how things go down. I have real life dialogues in my head. And just weird sketches I find funny.
wink wink deal between plaintiff and defendant to get at the defendant's insurance policy. An 8 yo has no ins policy. Weird
A Photographic Salute to the Afterlives of Pizza Huts: Pizza Hunt Whats with peoples weird obs... #LebronTeam
Freshly dug Oslofjord potatoes from my garden for dinner. My life of luxury in a weird country
Janae so weird
A Photographic Salute to the Afterlives of Pizza Huts: Pizza Hunt Whats with peoples weird obsession with ...
i didn't see any dead bodies or weird porn so they seem to be on their best behavior in front of dad.
A Photographic Salute to the Afterlives of Pizza Huts: Pizza Hunt Whats with peoples weird... @atlanticcities
me ? Aniya not me. Its you. I was 10% handsome 10% fabulous 10%weird 10% absurd 10% cute 10% cool 10% charismatic 40% alien !!
Yeah, it's weird. I reckon they have the cash.
Don't be normal. Be weird.
Bear Bong will be moshing, and drinking beer on Dec. 4th in normal. Come out and get weird, it's only 5 bucks!
I'm eating weird mixes. Either I'm pregnant or...
it turns out these images are "hashflags" which are not emoji per se, they\'re hashtag associated images
Ignatius: Obama's Weird 'I Told You So' About His Failed Syria Policy
Your snapchat made me happy I'm glad Damon dips his chips in his icecream too cause people tell me I'm weird. It's da best @beelz3bub666
my track DS9 Riddim opens up this fine selection of kinda dark kinda weird kinda October-y music from @AlanHOSTAGE!
wow, you doing something egotistical? Now shit is just getting weird
I like how you both noticed each other's bios bc usually I do that now it doesn't make me seem
miss u both and feel weird about it
my dream was so weird I'm scared
Ever wonder why your friends are so strange? Maybe theyre in one of these weird NEW CULTS
The best politicians are those who find themselves in it politics by sheer coincidence though
Some people are so weird
it's a little weird when you say it like that
Boy I like: I like girls with weird talents Me:
Show text and from the opening pages. Words by artist Victoria Weird. #showtext #poetry #yolo #altlit
craving for isaw and green tea, weird combo tho. Hahaha
I also blame for indulging craziness fashion line. Like how is a bunch of skin tone body socks fashion? Weird
names are so weird it?s like what noise should i make to get your attention
remember that day that I saw Katy for the first time? which was also the day australia had a terrorist attack? that was
What is life? Hormones emotions are weird. Got at least 4 more hrs of sleep last night than the night b4 yet am on the edge of tears 2day.
they look so weird not playing any instruments
he\'s gonna be like "Excuse me .. I got 10/10 in a spelling test once... for some weird reason autocorrect is f***ing me over" !
Yeah, I was reconstructed and it all works again. It was weird though.
Girl Tries To Get Banned From Instagram For Being Too Dirty
Still not weird as white Ppl
Like, it does something weird to me
I still find it weird that there is only 2 first years including me out of the 8 people in my accomadation
Rekindling back with sumbody from ur past who couldn't handle you is so weird to hear them be aggressive now
The may sound weird but I like watching 's snaps. I love your family allah y7f'6hm
Still find it weird how mill was in my dream the fire alarm was going of I wake up to the message coming through there's
facebook inbox messages are never not weird.
Weird, I saw what you mean. Looks like an exploit in the detection system. The game only allows for a single hit to occur at a time
-NEWS- The girls will be bringing the Get Weird Tour to Australia in May 2016!
You guys are weird. Of course butts are superior. You don\'t say "he\'s got nice, firm ballls".
I never wear sweatpants to school this is soo weird
If you're going to be weird, be confident it. -395
I have a weird ass phobia I hate to see small things clustered together
yeah like normal/ a bit shitty flats but with weird perspective cause of a fish eye lens
All the ick. Ick. Ick. Ick The Guardian just published the worst advert and people noticed
English is weird. It can be understood through tough thorough thought, though.
" is it weird that I\'m not surprised?
Most people in here evoking sense and garnering publicity have political ambitions.
Is it weird that I'm imagining Korsh in Take That now?
ur still weird auntie Kersha sorry
It's weird for me waking up in the morn cuz I'm either in my bed, a chicks bed, a hotel, or someone's couch so it takes me a min to adjust
Wow back in a classroom this is weird break coming soon hopefully I'll get a pic of the that big truck outside
is it weird that this picture make me hard? :P
I dont like this while were away... Thing on twitter, its weird
lol my city is soooo weird mannnn the black guys I know ALWAYS talking shit about spanish men... Lol...
Tonight's gonna get weird
how to get muted: - the same acc 5+ times in a row - tweet in weird languages - spam celebs 10+ times in a row with the s
On the bridge before the exit to school it says i drea.. So weird
That's so weird. I just tried that yesterday and almost sent it to our favorite stressed out pianist.
Going to be weird not seeing the Head Ball Coach on the sidelines in college football anymore. Thanks for your impact on football, @SC_HBC
WEIRD TUESDAY
Smh is such a weird phrase like who would actually say that irl
It's weird how I really want to establish an organisation which helps people with mental health illness like me. I'm so confused now.
Taylor is now part of Grammy committee. That's weird. @TheGRAMMYs
it would be really weird , if I won the bingo bash tickets...so am not even gonna try
me and jack watched it the other day! Super weird but yeah real good! I may watch again....
Cant Shake This Weird Feeling...
so weird:( this season looks promising than the last season? XD
I had such a weird dream last night
mom acting weird again she came back from work " eh who\'s this shaved man from sj " " hyukjae " " hahahhahahhhhhhhhahha " " ... "
Is it weird that I actually like going to the dentist??
I wish my choir could go around the school and sing Christmas carols lol I'm weird bye
I have weird nails
stop tagging my ex account so weird
today feels weird.
weird but i fuck with it
why are the people from my school so weird
So I actually had a weird random thought pop into my head last night that came true this morn. It's kinda creepy. My powers are growing...
way weird lol
Saw something weird at Venus Gate Lord.. [Husky Raid] via @YouTube
omg this is weird :(( I can't be having contractions yet, surely
Saw something weird at Venus Gate Lord.. [Husky Raid] Watch this. Something super cool happens.
mom acting weird today in the morning when i just wake up " eh see hyukjae updated his insta " " ... "
ashton's damn weird. sml
It's weird to see a person who was a regular in my cal logs just becomes a contact in my phone
oh my god this is so weird
that's your mom.
I have some weird professors
You need a drivers licence to use these weird-looking scooters :
Because the owner is weird
Check out WEIRD - OHS COLLECTOR CARDS UNOPENED BOX via @eBay
I have 8 short nails. My fingers feel weird. Hurry up and grow~
What's up with sorority girls and that weird human centipede hug?
I feel like I'm still on the boat even though I arrived this morning, it's so weird! Anyone had that feeling before?
needs a haircut burlyq makeup lite yeah nightrobe weird #selfie post
Just weird, how does it happen??? He disappear that fast... Any ways, I don't believe in ghost... #Paranormal feeling
This is pure fucking weird
It's ur choice to follow me or nt.I know dat I'm talking too weird bt I ONLY 12 Wat will I do uif u will nt see this all
I liked a video from 5 Weird Pizza Toppings People Actually Eat
I've seen alligator tears before. Find it weird w/training staff and 2 wks aft flu he takes this stuff?
I had a crazy ,weird but nice dream Lastnight
I wish I was snuggling with my boy friend now. Feels weird when he's not in bed with me now.
weird!! Slowly getting used to being back here - but isn't quite the same as a year or two ago!
that weird confusing feeling when the movie sequel of something is so fucking horrible and u cant understand why
today is so weird
#TomPetty on herion in the 90's. When his music went downhill. Weird enough about Howie Epstein....
it's a weird feeling waking up bored..
CALLUM STOP SAYING WEIRD THINGS ON THE CALL
It's weird being able to actually park in our garage
#weird table setup! Awkward watching the "round table" this morning Love Natalie, Willie, Hoda and KLG , the rest u can keep !
Lool
Some people think my sister and I are mother and son sometimes which is weird I can't tell if they think she's old or I'm really young
I can't stop laughing Why do I have such a weird classmates
Today gonna be weird
they're weird.
Shawn is so weird. He's active at night but disappears during the day
stil weird for me *chuckles* i can't help laughing XD
Weird gurl
no shiz watson. @weird_recluse
#weird #Animals Couple Share What Its Like Living in a Home with 41 Dogs #art
you're weird but so cute
I had a weird dream that @theotherJoeCole, Me went 10 pin bowling as Peaky Blinders. If ever there were life goals...
We're all weird, one way or another.
No he supports free speech in universities apparently anti GG tied that to being pro GG for some weird reason.
I work from home so much that physically being in the office feels so weird!
CALLING ALL WEIRD-OHS! We need your assistance a little bit guys. Here's the deal; help us get to 38K likes on...
Very Sexy Underwear (Photo Gallery)
Puck took a weird bounce off the boards and shot out near the net for a tap in
Weird dreams ..weird dreams
am i too awkward? too quiet? too weird? or am i too noisy? too loud? too annoying?
" why you being a weird guy "
your weird
According to @TheSun, Little Mix\'s Get Weird track "Secret Love Song" features @JasonDerulo! ht
You are only a stalker if you stand outside my house. Or try to hug me. Both would be weird.
I wonder tho bc would they mention it if it wasn't related? Maybe! Maybe not... weird.
That's weird..
I used to be with "it", but then they changed what "it" was. Now what I\'m with isn\'t "it", and what\'s "it" seems weird and sc
Feels weird that this tour is coming to its end, we don\'t function so well in the "real world"
It was a weird move.
Playboy will no longer feature naked women Men Buy It to see the Beautiful Womens T A-Very Weird-
that is weird! maybe an accident?
Everyone in this class is fucking weird
Theres an increasing amount of weird people riding the bus lately which motivates me to get my G2 soon
I think u will look weird in blue lenses though
I am not at work. It is weird. #matleave #notnotpregnant
Philip Rivers celebrated a TD by throwing his glove in the air and punching it. It was really weird.
theory: "road guys" run tighter cx pedals and have less experience clipping out in weird moments, so they prefer to pre-unclip
Do celebrities find it weird when fans call them like mom or dad? because I would
Harry is so weird
I get weird looks when they look over and I'm plucking my eye brows at the stoplight...can't help that the lighting is better outside lol
That is super weird!
So weird not having wook sukira pics and transcripts for a week
Good morning, everyone. I hope that you're all ready for the post-Monday week. That's a weird way of looking at it, isn't it?
10 Brands Who Got Weird to Achieve Their Marketing Goals by #SEO #Inbound
i suspect 99% of the time it isn't weird. but context is always sensitive.
but I do love math. Its just really weird if you think of it and use it in the real life situations.
Well That Was Weird
Weird that goes at for his past yet dates a guy who was just accused of beating his wife. #hypocrite
Being inside for school feels weird.
Not seen him for a decade but he was easily the most naturally funny person I'd ever met. Weird, eh?
If something looks or smells weird I will not eat it... Ask my mom she hates when I smell my food lol I can't help it
mau promosi... even though it sounds kinda weird
Pink is such a weird color on me
10 Weird World s Plant Species xvid: via @YouTube
I'm always playing with my implant. It feels so weird. -Jai
It's not as weird as it sounds
This morning I ordered a flat white thought this tastes weird realized it had been made with SOY juice.
WATCH: Wacky Russian SUPERGLUED upside down to hot air balloon...4,900ft up
feels weird not having my car..I don't like it
Weird how after a 5 day Hate Campaign, the media isn't reporting that Dentist-the-Cecil-Killer did nothing wrong...
I love laying in bed and cuddling and holding hands im so weird but it's the best
#iTweetZ 10 Brands Who Got Weird to Achieve Their Marketing Goals by #SocialMedia
Weird hoezzzz
#NowPlaying ''Weird Al'' Yankovic - Smells Like Nirvana
Weird to think about how this is my last hoco week ever...
It's so fucking weird seeing your heroes being normal people with feelings and shit
Black Magic Love Me Like You Hair Grown #GetWeird
me: *does weird things when home alone* me: I bet there's hidden cameras
" This Creepy Puzzle Arrived In Our Mail - #creepy #creepypasta #weird #mystery #puzzle
When you run into your ex at the store he the cashier cashing you out so weird
iFeel So Weird Being At Work
lol yeag liverpool is weird sorry beatles
I guess it's weird to me
wtfffff weird ass people
I took a caffeine pill at 6 and all it did was give me a weird dream about a steel mill?
"Tea is such a weird thing, it\'s just a bag with leaves in it and you just soak it"
"Draft Biden" is like that one person we all know who wants 2 be begged to join the party so they feel better about themselves #weird #biden
when you ask for one but get 3. :') you're to kind Perrie
i am blessed today tha nk you
Look, I know I'm weird, but who knew I had multiple types of weird. :S
Men with really large nipples weird me out a little bit...
it's so weird having an account with no followers when my 1d one has 7k agshshbww
is weird that no one will talk about the contents of this blog? Not 1 TD Nor Media!
The show never followed through on their relationship adequately and Liam's weird family is one of my fave parts of the middle seasons.
Have you noticed the same people all say the same things about the following: A. TARP B. Auto Bailouts C. 9/11 Weird.
Lol Scarborough men are really weird.
Weird then that high profile blacks like MLK, Cosby and Kobe all seem to still rape white women.
So weird !!
According to @TheSun, Little Mix\'s Get Weird track "Secret Love Song" features @JasonDerulo!
Knox is such a weird person. But besides his smell, I find his presence quite enjoyable.
Even the educated ones are having endless bouts with utter stupidity. All about the influence of empirical factors
So weird to see people you used to be friends with
Read on the Dell/EMC deal and its weird debt shenanigans
Be happy. Be loving. Be spontaneous. Be expressive. Be weird. Be carefree. Be generous. Be grateful. Be open. Be alive.
This could get weird. Macklemore + Ryan Lewis drama in r/music.
well if the emote is an in-joke on the streamers channel it could definitely be weird. But a stylised GG or something wouldn't
Yas, Imma weird! cr. Justin's phone
Going to be so weird going to where my gran lived this weekend without actually seeing her
TY: Went to Osaka-jo already. But my hair was weird so I haven't posted the picture yet. Everytime I come, I (cont)
"I can let him sit there but you can\'t touch him"-my weird su
lmao you are weird
Be Silly Be Weird by #TheMerakiProject ! Fuss-free clothing. #AIFWSS16
I added a video to a playlist 10 Weird World s Plant Species xvid
SILVER ON THE ROAD by Laura Anne Gilman is a rich, evocative Weird Western, says
It's weird having a game today
Some of these bitches on here hella weird.
also i had this,really weird dream that i kissed my friend even though i dont like him like that. at all.
White people are weird asl!
Is it weird that I only think black and brown match sometimes
-some weird ass lady at a catering job just now.
Hate not having a phone I need to go try get it fixed after school And i hate going places by myself cause men be weird
my hair looks v weird
Let's be weird together
I know Tarantino has this weird thing against television, but... didn't he direct for tv a couple of times?
[I-Am-Bored] Bitch Has Nice Tits! [Pic] (Weird): Dayum! Sweet right?!
[I-Am-Bored] CraigsList Gig Or Performance Art? [Pic] (Weird): Hmmmpfh. He said he would be here 30 minutes ago.
[I-Am-Bored] Rub For Your Life! [Pic] (Weird): A happy ending will dissuade any attack.
[I-Am-Bored] That's Classic Dave Isn't It? [Pic] (Weird): Don't be a 'Dave
"Well,retrospecting back, you don\'t even know what am I talking about, so it should be fine, hahahaha!" weird laughing.
Is it weird that I thought Pretty Ricky blue stars album was a romantic soundtrack on a date .?
Feeling so weird since yesterday...
Weird night! Gonna sleep a little and be back on in the day. Don't forget about all my deals! Thanks to the people that hung out
I've watched the opening so many times anything other than Exterminate is a little weird for me, haha. But it's Nana so it fits!
Smh that was weird af
sleep is a weird word is that the right thing I'm looking for?? when u close ur eyes and unconsciou
need partner/yeodongsaeng that i can spoil it. can weird together or sweet together. bahasa or english well.
Just don't make it weird after i follow you back, it's that simple
update: its really weird peeing with a fanny pack
Like no I'm not weird I just wanna be friends oops
It's so weird not seeing 1crazyryry on Instagram @ryanochoa
Disturbingly Weird Body Shapes You'll Ever See
Why are people so fucking weird here
i have this weird view abt u tbh lol
Im staying home today because i feel like an old piece of crust found in your couch after like a year in that weird awkward moist cushion
"that would just be weird" #CubCNN
I'm too weird for life.
Can you believe our 3rd Album drops in less than a month!? Thanks for being there with us every step Mixers Leigh x
Watch: 10 weird animals from new Chile reserve
" Be weird. Be happy. Be grateful. Be positive. Be open minded."
Am I weird for being at #Starbucks at 5:30am? I have the place to myself.
We're all a little weird, and life's a little weird, and when we find someone whose weirdness is compatible with...
Your Tinder date didn't go well? That's so weird. You'd think someone using GPS technology to fuck strangers would be 100%
Ppl be looking at me weird for walking around campus with ice on my legs... #trackprobs
wait where do u live does the psat like organize it nation wide or something its weird we're taking it the same day lmao
"The first rule of fashion is you have to willing to look weird." (The Good Girl)
It's gonna feel weird if Dyrus has to sub in for TSM if they don't find a new top laner by then lol
Why y'all be wanting validation from people who don't even know you, well besides this social media shit y'all are weird!
um, nooo. wth. it's gone be weird.
Said "Good Morning" to a coworker, then realized it was just a large gourd sitting in her chair. It\'s gonna be a weird day. #bodysnatchers
you want to help? put a bra on and donate money to cancer charities. #NoBraDay
Mets fans in New Jersey as an argument for Penn Station through-running! (also, this is a little weird)
Also, the FPS segment. Is it weird? Sure. Except Splinter Cell has had FPS stuff since Pandora Tomorrow. Spies vs Mercs, anyone?
really or maybe u have a black magic thats why all boys come to you? this is getting weird more
my mom is a breast cancer survivor, I've seen the scars, don't think you posting your perky little tits is going to save liv
Audu Ogbeh, a Minister for Agric in 1983, will be Minister for Agric in 2015. Na waoooo. No retirement date for naija dinos
Think I have some weird form of flu? Hip pain from hell, headache shaky...WTF? #flu
How weird. Try this one instead :) The instructions are super easy to enter.
Weird people everywhere
Zayn Malik 'slashes price' on amazing 'love nest' mansion he bought with Perrie Edwards
I've been with Kevin for almost 11 years and I've never seen him with a fever. I'm hoping it's just a weird virus.
i have these days where i dress as weird as possible and wait and see who approaches me
Onu is the first governor of Abia state.
10 #Brands Who Got Weird to Achieve Their Marketing Goals
Its a really big thing for me to ask people to hang out bc im scared they're gunna think im annoying and weird
I really got this weird ass hairstyle in my head
Hmm I had a weird dream last night
is it weird I'm looking forward to writing my first assignment of the year?
Is it weird that I just want BTS to comeback already so that I can see bangtan17 interaction?? :---(
it's like bringing BicMacs to BurgerkKing and eat them there. So: yes, it is weird.
Every rock star has a weird road story. Here's one cut from his memoir. #LSSC
Whut i just did a thing where i was watching my screen w one eye only that was so weird when i focused agn HAHA
keyboard reviews are weird
If we're bunch of famewhores. Most of us won't be ANONYMOUS. Don't let me define it for you. Don't even start it with me.
super weird day. Weird kasi unusual.
Weird dream report... I dreamed that a Pulse Wave engine aircraft flew over my house and it sounded like a series of explosions...
Weird mix of kilig, stress, annoyance, sense of achievement, and dread for impending pain
The Hottest Group Photos
This feels weird ... I haven't worn contacts in four years
Thats what I mean, only the good will be talked about, the bad and weird is ignored.
calum luke and ashton look so weird and restless without their instruments its so cute
I WAS JUST SAYING THIS.... ITS WEIRD
then again, I think some folks just have a weird chip on their shoulder about PAvsKyoAni ever since Angel Beats.
it was never a beanie . Parks affected a weird all-ethnicity decorated cap, like a baroque kepi w no brim. Revolting.
I have like mini dreams that make 0 sense between the time of me waking up me actually getting up v weird
Idk if i was just imagining stuff because I was drunk, but that shit was weird.
public transportation is so weird. i don't know how to explain it
suuuper weird dream...
lol they awkward man my mom had us too close in age we just all look weird
I had weird jet lag in NY visual migraine thingy everyone's face had a black stripe down centre NO-ONE HAD A NOSE #voldemortNY
Weird ass niggas
Why is my family weird? #MarziaBot
My timehop is a mix of tweets and pictures of G from last year and Jon from 5 years ago. Weird considering everything happening today...
This makes me feel weird :///
Very weird. Maybe modern keepers aren't in fashion there?
these weird dreams keep ruining my sleep
It feels so damn weird going back to my original work place. So thankful that I'm only here for four hours...
oh good, still weird though! I've never heard of that happening, let's hope it doesn't again
When in a rush, eating your complimentary cookie for breakfast in the shower is 'efficient multitasking', not weird, right?
Weird weird cat
They weird ashit up here dawg on everything I love
I woke up this morning thinking about geometry. Obtuse and acute angles. Is that weird?
It's already really weird to not see swaggy getting up early wit me! I don't think I like it..
No one wears wire holsters to hold up their ass cheeks. Just a thought on those weird things gals like 2 strap 2 their chests #nobraeveryday
when u weird urself out by ing things at the exact same time as in the tweet??
Weird Facts About Orgasms
This could get weird.
This could get weird....
Pokemon Are Based On Some Weird Animals Terrifying Myths!
I love you weird alien girl I couldn't ask for a better friendship!
Gonna make my way down to Birmingham next week Friday. Which one of you weird accent ppl gonna be out there? Nothing but good vibes LDN
Honestly, I\'m just dressing weird, idk how to dress "tacky"
... Since the medieval days fam. When men used to crawl; according to science at least
I liked a video from Amiibo: 10 Weird Facts
*doenstairs both of them keep arguing and Jace is acting really....weird*
it was so fucked, we were all in it, we went on a hike through golfcourse and stumbled across this weird little inn
"\\do you wanna get really high and say weird stuff\\"" ... \\""yea\\"""""
Um...hey
what's weird is just like NY rap has become like southern rap, southern strip club culture is infiltrating here too
Aussies! Make sure you're listening tomorrow to @2DayFM, @Kiis1065, to hear the girls being interviewed! LM HQ x
Does anyone else name their savegames weird names to make yourself laugh and then you forget what they are I've never learned this lesson
and it seems weird the model sets a schema variable, which achieves nothing
It\'s weird to feel like you miss someone you\'re not even sure you know."
im pretty sure this makes me a new weird level of sentimental and strange
Overheard a substitute teacher refer to be as the weird one with bangs. I think she meant to say I was awesome.
I had a weird ass dream earlier
We're obviously supposed to empathize with them, not find them completely alien. But there's obviously still some weird cult thing at work.
Oh PC doesnt have that english hindi weird accent! u knw what Indians kick her out of the country, believe me the world will
ONCE YOU REALIZE SOMETHING'S WRONG WITH A SITUATION IT'S SO WEIRD TO LOOK BACK AT WHEN YOU JUSTIFIED IT AS OKAY OR NORMAL
I hate the way freshman act man they so fucking weird and some pissy nigga just walked past me
Let me know if you've downloaded #LoveMeLikeYou so I can return the L-O-V-E Leigh x
I'm kind of addicted to iZombie. It's such a weird but good show.
I knowW ahh it's so weird but amazing !!
Life is too short to be normal.stay weird #OTWOLReunited
my search history full of weird birds bc of the put it all in
Life is weird. You can go from being strangers, to being friends, to being more than friends, to being practically strangers
#Goodweird: Weird as weird gets.. I loveit!
Today has been weird for me
sabah is ten types of horny she doesn't think this is weird this is actually her she needs to die i hate her
It's a quote, not history, from a German talking about 1930's Germany. It's irrelevant. It's weird weak reference
I just think it's weird to make a GOTY edition of a game that hasn't been out long enough to win any GOTY awards.
happy 16th birthday to my ride or die Love you Windy and all the weird things that you come with #bfgfbff #womb htt
lol I turn away for a few mins this conversation is now about @ismepete's weird thumbs?
I CAN BE: weird silly serious quiet outgoing wild sweet funny kind dramatic sarcastic romantic but really, I'm j
jamie it isn't good to follow she is crazy and she will always send you weird stuff
I had a weird ass dream last night. AND I MEAN WEIRD.
New header ^^ Just cut I think Juvia looks beautiful while crying.... I'm so weird xD #fairytail
10 Ways English is Weird ...
weird af. Stay who u r
I've never been a #coffee drinker, but I LOVE the smell of it! #weird
I have a serious question for you stream viewers. Is it as weird as I feel it is for a streamer to use their own emotes in others' chats?
ok..., I feel weird not having my earrings on right now
Really love touching my butt cheeks hahaha I'm weird
Walking back and forth like its so weird. Haha
shhhh hate you guys. how weird that the same song was playing though, was just listening to a random playlist!
It's very weird to say I've been in my pjs all day but I've been very productive. Ah life...you are an adventure.
feel weird as shit not wearing shorts under my pants
u know it's weird when your dad n step dad are friends on f
why should be weird? Ust call me oppa,its cute girl /laughs
So true.
call me biased or weird, but i like the original anubis more than any other version
If I up an join the army that would be weird huh lol
The very weird physics of sea-level changes via @BostonGlobe
How do you know if your account is considered "weird Twitter?" Asking for an invisible friend.
had this weird ass dream lastnight
So I found this in my discoveries of Instagram... (If you don't wanna see anything weird please scroll down)
NO THIS IS WEIRD NOT SWEET /SLAPPED
they're Japanese fam. They are fokin weird af
awh is it danial. Wow thts awesome. I love to friend with weird guy. But not gay guy huh
HAPPY BIHDAY TO MY WEIRD AND AMAZING COUSIN! I LOVE YOU AND MISS YOU DUMMY! ALSO HAPPY BIHDAY TO !
idk it's weird to see 13 year olds on TV shows with boyfriends like pls experience puberty and then experience romance
People from my school hella weird, it's sad
Okk q weird
Nightmares are so weird. Your brain is the author, viewer and cinema of a horror movie whose script is being written as you are viewing it.
I always feel weird in Lollys hut lml like this would have been one of those places black people weren't aloud in !
wish I had more people to send weird pics as greetings too
because your weird lol
YAY SHO WORK WEEK!! Radar: 7Ave N Mayor Magrath S. See anything weird, give us a shout! 403 327 0981! #yql #Lethbridge
It\'s very common in Maine when leaving a restaurant to slap your knees and say " well, I suppose" #maine #weird
hahahah it is weird but I really like that expression of hers. Never fails to make me laugh hahaha
I added a video to a playlist 7 WEIRD FACTS You Didn't Know About Animals!
British people type really weird.. I feel like either Australian's type really wrong or something
No more medicine before bed. It gives me weird dreams
im in school with weird people im twice as scared
Feeling so weird
Was gonna say it feels like a weird season. Usually one is good and the other is bad. This year it's been both scenarios.
He keeps calling the insides pumpkin brains. My nephew is weird
Im not even on drugs. Im just weird
I'm so use to my 1d acc its weird actually using ny caspar acc with no followers
Writers, you need to read this. lays it down. You've heard this before, but not like this. Fuck fear.
PAKAC - The Weird Wednesdays
I love the way you don't think it is weird how obsessed I am about you.
Yeah I get you. It is a personal wrangle. I just don't think it's got anything to do with the order of entering the fray
Fr thou, why does someone have a year old pic of me and my ex,that is weird af.I don't even have any pictures.
weirdly he wasn't shot by the IOF. Weird that.
And it got weird xD
It's so weird to actually stand next to them like omg they're real and they're faces look so smooth ahhhh
honestly speaking i feel weird to call anyone oppa
Happy birthday to my crazy,cool,weird bfffe! Have a great day rug! Don't
Deleting all my text messages is probably my favorite thing to do, which is pretty weird
It would be weird to yell "YOU HAVE GREAT BROWS" at a stranger, right? #shedidtho
Toronto has a very weird smell on the air today...
hello yesterday had not weird memes. Very strange
FINALLY back at school and it feels so weird lbs
It's weird giving everything to someone and not expect anything in return
My sleeping patterns are so weird. The past two days I've fallen asleep around 9 and my alarm is 8 and I've slept most of the night.
It feels so weird not talking to you , after talking to someone everyday non stop then just stop one day, is pain
I would take of pic of the chick but that would be slightly weird
feels weird knowing I'm not a teenager anymore
I went straight to walking with nothing so it was like "why is this girl walking weird"
Totally weird! Have a great Tuesday, anyway!
Weird thing about UK: having to wait until evening for all you bastards to wake up and jack-ass around online with me
Is it bad/weird that I relate to the guy from Mr. Robot
its a bit weird but I'll use that instead
My family too. They literally had a conversation comparing my hair to my to that of my brother. It was really weird.
trees and weird architecture?
weird huh? They blamed the dentist instead of the gun?
weird stuffs
weird this is exactly what i was just thinking
I have this weird feeling I'm going to win some money from a scratch off.
Vintage #structo weird #wheels uncanny car monster #machine 1970\'s 3", LINK:
yup it's kinda like she settles for less when she knows better. Idk it's weird
nice those weird pants look like a skirt xD
These people in the gym are weird af...
Her Boyfriend Will Be Happy (Photo Gallery)
Wow. U have a weird friend. May i know him/her?
On the train, bro punched my leg and nodded out window. I saw a guy in weird pants walking away. Bro: Star Wars pajamas
it feels weird not seeing the verified thing :(
PRIEST: Do you take this this woman, to have and to hold, for better, for worse, until death do you part? ME: Well, now you
aww! So cute!! They look so real it's so weird I can't explain aha
Apparently it's no bra day ???? Weird bc I thought that was everyday
everybody thinks despoina is weird:(
languages are weird like specially english like if you look up old english its literately nothing close to english now
Nothing like a bird on the train to start the day off in a weird way
it's weird. They'll come here to say guys never notice what girls do but as soon as a dude mentions it, he'
Ive heard about his exploits. I'm thinking Fashola though.
It's really weird in my second period right now because it's really quite but normally it's really loud
Well that was one weird dream
WHY I NEED THE CEREAL CRUNCHY LMAO THIS IS SO WEIRD
don't you think anti tech-addiction got a bit weird -
the issue was raised by several activists bt perhaps US has always weird strategic priorities in Syria
How many days in a row can I wear the same jeans before it gets weird
This Is What Some Guy Does To Cure His Boredom On His Daily Commute... And It's Hilarious
Watching the gift weird movie so far
so weird I just got the notification
The science teachers at Staley are in a weird cult. I swear
What's this weird looking 'blo in my beer? via /r/Homebrewing #homebrewing
This is a bit like if Ed M had run round pre-election yelling "I\'M NOT A WEIRD OUT OF TOUCH MIDDLE CLASS SOCIALIST
CityMaper paths are weird at least at Madrid, it's quietest setting being outright ridiculus
Kids Can Be Weird 5ometimes
WaPo's Ignatius: Obama's Weird 'I Told You So' About His Own Failed Syria Policy #CNRapp
I find it weird that a section of the population base their politics on which football team their grandad dad supported. #sco
i think its this weird thing w white gays, they think bc they r gay and some ppl don't like them that they can do the same??
I once had a road trip with Bierowski to this Centralia. Just a weird feel to this town. You ever been?
Ive weird friend situation rn
Driving someone elses car feels so weird
Bones smell weird
I have a very weird taste but for sure I know what I like in science.
Why lie to complete strangers tho , that's weird af to me
Actually I wasn't even sad I was just in a weird ass mood
Ah okay, I just assumed it had something to do with an upcoming playthrough. I'm very tired and I get weird(er) when I'm tired.
So MANY weird people on here. Like, seriously you can\'t Handel them at the first meet. So all you gotta do is zip your "tweets" and watch.
Chanyeol's Chinese Movie name is so weird like who will marry an anti-fan?
Weird Mistakes We Make With Our Teeth #cosmeticdentistry
Having to adapt to this weird CPT weather all over again sucks
Lovren and Coutinho back. Don't know about Benteke.
Some girls are naturally weird even when they're completely sober and it amazes me sometimes.
It's so weird that we all want to go to Hogwarts so badly but like think about how many scary things happened there.
Jesus. My room looks so weird and empty now. Now i just gotta wait until father gets home so he can help me.
This day Is to weird
lol na u get urself oh
We can't get enough of the wonderful (but weird) strange fruits project by German art director, Sarah Illenberger!
I support what is trying to do overall, but *this* reeks of some weird publicity ploy or something. @Snowden
ok i deleted the link bc i'm working on it again and i feel weird typing when people are watching lmaooo it'll be done soonish? i think
When people think you're weird or too lowkey but you really just be working
straight dating is so weird
Boeing patents weird cargo-grabbing plane #space
24 days until 'Get Weird' sdgfbdfgbfdefghngdefghwderftg
I'm going to try a bj after anal tonight. I've never tried ass to mouth. Do you think it's weird? I'm horny :), here
The weird fetish or #mojojojo #ThingsWeWereTooBlindToSeeAsKids
it's weird it should've had me weak she really busted her ass
STOP IT THIS IS TOO WEIRD I CAN'T HANDLE IT ANYMORE.
Funyuns is a weird name for a chip.
Favorite activity: reading Amazon reviews about weird products
weird*** ahah
idk why but the texture of chicken whenever i cook it feels so weirdmaybe bc i'm not used to chicken thigh cut into pieces???
Find it so weird when girls call their boyfriend by their nickname.. Just doesn't seem right
A customer told me I should apply at Tiger Financial today... weird
Wait until BRF n Amaechi enter the hallowed chambers. The mood of these jovial Senate will change. It's personal
5 Col HandPrinted Tz for looking Sweeet, go check his weird crazy work out #cmyk #screenprint
= a little weird first, until you put your browser in fullscreen presentation mode. Then there's no way back to tr
I dont know it all feels weird and wrong and why why why I just want to be okay and everyone I care about to be okay and e
That Balsomra ad with the weird little sleep critters is creepy!
Which seems weird. It's not part of his medical records is it? If not it should be public record
You can't buy WHAT in Singapore? :O Thought our #PornBan was weird? Here are 7 Most Insane Things That Have Been...
honestly it's a little weird to know that a 16 year old actor has to play the love interest of a 13 year old girl bc like... 13 yr olds...
This is such a weird thing..I dunno if I like it..or if its just odd
This honestly doesn't make me feel weird
Thats weird af
The man sitting next to me smells like ramen noodles and I don't know if that is comforting or weird
Look girls do I deserve a follow for this I have all 3 from Get weird! I love you so much xx
The 15 Most Popular Sexual Fetishes Include Some Really Weird\xffShit
there a guy that makes weird tattoo ink colours and names them weird shit and I kid you not some of them off the top of my are so +
LIVE on #Periscope: Something weird
i miss those dorky videos which justin was doing in 2012-2013, he was so weird and cuddly
Happy thanksgiving I hope you had a peaceful and interesting and weird day, darling.
Is it normal that I can hear the songs in my head while I read the lyrics you tweet me or am I just weird? probably bot
I feel like crawling into a ball, but round dads friends house and that would be weird
for last couple of days, my brain is running in a paralell world that cannot be explained. #Weird
Alaska Airlines Credit Card Reader Fire Causes Emergency Landing | TravelPulse File under news of the weird
Trying to re-adjust to tweeting, writing and working via a laptop. Feels so weird. Got so used to working via my smart device
It was so weird but there was lots of Tamsin You're gunna hate Bo's father even more by the end of the episo
they're so cute, I love them in a weird big family au of some sort!!!!! Big boss as a dad
This school full of weird people .
its going to be as weird as the title of the song
the kids in my religion class are weird
But how do you guys listen to twigs her music is weird, she's weird hai
Having weird dreams is so weird
when you don't have time to make the video you want for class so you just make it about weird ambient noises and do it in a half hour
Haunted house is so terrifying you have you have to sign a waiver before you enter
My account got hacked and they followed all these weird ppl
I may be weird but trust me I'm trusted
Day 13, William Powell, one of those weird crushes I can't explain. Done with #Inktober #Inktober2015 htt
it's a weird feeling. Idk if the goodness cancels put the trash
I never got the phrase "It\'s a bird! It\'s a plane! no it\'s Super Man!" What kind of weird-ass city birds do you have that look like planes?
Watching too much football indicator: #ThatMomentWhen your knee pops weird n you immediately assume it's a torn ACL. hahahaaa #NFL
The next nominee to be confirmed by the senate is Osagie Ehanire, a surgeon from Edo State. #MinisterialConfirmation
we were so weird
Feel weird without lotion
Remembered where I'd seen that weird stance before. (Sorry, @2000AD)
Weird brand alignment
i dont know it disappear suddenly im not talking nonesense maybe im talking weird? satan the leader of hell?
it's weird thinking of me, at 32, having a 12 year old but that was my mother. X3 it is terrifying.
Retweeted John Nolte (@NolteNC): Weird how after a 5 day Hate Campaign, the media isn't reporting that...
It feels really weird having two days off from school.
Exactly. White people weird sometimes lol
"Weird..." | /passes out |
Feels so weird driving my car ..
Lol at people thinking that's Jermaine. It'd be pretty weird if a grown ass man was up on his sister like that
I don't understand why people think marrying young is so weird..
Sista looking weird, she's so goofy
This uber driver keep looking at me weird smfh
lumiloun : Manchester is weird man #manchester #chinatown @ Madchester (via Twitter
Call me weird or crazy. But its a life-size stormtrooper!!!!
It's weird how people will go so hard to hide how they truly feel even tho it's obvious to you with the undertones..
wow that was so weird, I appologise, I have too much time on my hands
been in such a weird mood lately, one minute I'm happy the next sad then angry idk
Episode 63: Lamentations of the Flame Princess; James Raggi's game of weird fantasy
Those weird dreams that leave you wondering if it really happened or not when you wake up and you're all confused
El Rufai will continue
I always get weird cravings to change absolutely everything in my life
Is it normal that I can hear the songs in my head while I read the lyrics you tweet me or am I just weird? probably both #ARIAS5SOS
you have to wait until after Remembrance Day or it's weird.
Lowkey tryna get in my business I tell ya wot fuck urselves fucking weird ass freaky hoes
Having Mondays off makes Tuesdays feel weird as fuck.
Tigran i just got drunk with 90 year old and 82 year old Armenian family lolz fuk u bro love u man, ur weird lullz but talented
That's Thick and Chick! (Photo Gallery)
It's weird looking back, knowing what you've learned. Then looking ahead, knowing you're still so naive.
Okay then I'll be there!
the internet is weird
coming home from a cruise is weird, you suddenly have to do everything yourself pay in restaurants, cook your own food
So dope!...I'm weird,...i want to watch a lot of shows but my OCD doesn't allow it...I have to watch a show
Pelumi thought I'm weird for putting it in me
It's so weird how legacy media companies can't seem to come to grips with the internet. But I'm edging onto @Athenae's turf so I'll stop.
hate when people touch my hair, literally gives me such a weird feeling and idk it freaks me out
The fact that just said to "Don\'t make this weird." #somebodysgrowingup
I love hot weather but I fucking broke out into a rash again and now I look fucking weird. Stupid weather
no where babe
Someone found a weird place to get comfortable
THE MORE I RESEARCH ABOUT YELLOW THE MORE THE WORD YELLOW LOOkS WEIRD TO ME
Flight Attendant 12 + light colours = bad match. Also, I can see why she's usually in uniform. Covers up her weird arms... #ifyouaretheone
I'm laughing on the inside
I'm guessing he meant glock. That or it's some weird German secksytime. RJ will know...
Weird how we all saw this was a garbage idea months ago, and it took the government this long to realise. It's almost a
I already look weird, imagine what I'll look like in 5 years haha
Tell me what your problem is instead of acting weird with me like for fucks sake.
That was a really weird feeling.
BRF is as qualified as others cleared already, even if not more. The already cleared are without dramas.
lmaooooo early morning weird shit
Weird how my Twitter and Instagram hit 1k on same day #signs
Don\'t forget when getting ready for the Premiere its "No Bra Day" Venita! XO ;) ;) ,
i was singing jet black heart too loud and disturbing to this weird guy from class and he hit me with a book what a gr
if by weird you mean typical I agree
Bitches weird . How r u determining whether you're faithful or not by the letter of your first name . I dont get it .
It looks weird outside
. weird you have questions about how to behave in the postseason since youve been there so mucoh wait.
I tried to watch Doctor Who, but it was just a little too weird for me. I will watch anything at least once, so that --
It's weird how happy you can get because of someone else's achievements
Is no one gonna talk about the fact that Snow White just faints in the forest then starts randomly singing to animals bc that's weird af
What PMB will do is lay down the gauntlet for the incoming administration to cement it.
I like my hair in a weird way wish I would have did it differently
It was weird, the colors just really came out this weekend.
ahah weird coincidence!
weird generation we are.
it's all weird. all of it
What's even more weird was some people on Twitter thought his glove was a bird...
both of us r weird people
"scully i\'m going home this is too fucking weird for me"
lol weird. Im still disgusted at that don't
Kinda weird. I kno
Weird how we all saw this was a garbage idea months ago, and it took the government this long to realise. It's almost as if they're awful.
wasnt that it was boring but it was weird. It made me feel like i missed like 5 episodes from last season. Thats jus me tho
The fear that the melody you are writing is already a melody...probably? Within pop structure...definitely? Exude your
The English language uses a lot of weird sounds...
Ive just had a bloke make a really weird remark.....i think anybody could say that to me and I wouldnt care ..but not you #seeingRed
I enjoy being weird now that I've learned to love myself
zoidberg does weird shit
being at Theresa's without her is weird
God you faggots are weird
i feel like cutting my hair again but i'll look weird hahahaha
mejo weird ung teaser ng pride and prejudice and zombies lol
It's so weird seeing my friends going home so much. Haven't went home once! Thanks mom:/
via 10 Brands Who Got Weird to Achieve Their Marketing Goals by
So many people saying hi to me omg it's so weird.
I've always found it sort of weird. Maybe that makes me an anomaly, but even when I was a teenager, I wasn'
Back at the dermatologist bc my face decided to blow up like a balloon. Go me for weird health issues that nobody can figure out
I got this theory that I'm weird now
Florida's weird unanimity exception.
what the actual fuck liam youre even apologizing for THAT? you weird-ass, panda
ohmygod I have this weird feeling inside and I can't get it out
why does dad do that weird new line thing mid sentence in every text he sends
It feel weird sitting by yourself
It's weird how I don't really care about my kh anymore
I like being weird and complicated. :)
I hope they know what a weird thing to go back to hours after it was posted, I'm well aware of this.
what a weird dream I had... the xenomorph alien tricked people onto a space station by opening up an burger joint where it cosplayed itself
so i have this little weird rushes everywhere and it's kinda itchy.
That's not weird or anything
I've been having some really weird dreams lately
Omg I ran up my stairs and I'm so out of breathe and my heart is beating so weird and it's sore
... This country has languished In for too long. He will also strategically reduce corruption. He will not complete the work though
That was weird as hell.
yaaas Nabiha, happy birthday! I love you and our weird friendship, lol. I hope you have a greeaaattt day
Im bored so I'm raging here I'm so weird
Had a weird dream that was kicking the crap out of someone for stealing his crunchie bar.. Well then
Weird, nobody told you that you are beautiful and strong, Medaka? * wink and drinking *
Celtic Woman - Amazing Grace via for ur weird irishness
I HAVE A PIMPLE ON MY CHIN WTF IT FEELS SO WEIRD
So weird. It's not like he played bad...too many unforced errors when it counted though.
'Im completely a skeptic, but I have experienced some weird stuff in my life.' - on ghosts #CrimsonPeak
I mean it isn't that weird but when people are trying to lift in peace they shout at the top of their lungs and it gets annoying
you ever realize how weird edamame actually tastes
How does it look at you? does it give you weird and creepy looks. -pan smirks-
zaynab weird as shit
Is it weird you see someone you think they're cute but you get to know them and they just don't become as attractive ?
A weird day in cfb. Top 10 unbeaten QB suspended for PEDs, USC coach fired reportedly for not being sober @ game and #Spurrier retires.
I think you have a nice face. In a not weird way.
weird painting's hair
sorry im weird. Bye *flies away*
Now to Steve Spurrier retiring. Shocking but not Shocking. The timing is weird but we know this must have come from the top. Lol.
kinda weird shit
Alex is weird af lol
lol weird preference for a daeshbag.... Usually you love only goats
Weird things that happen in college: I get excited to do homework for certain classes
when your friends look at you weird for wearing a skirt instead of pants
lol damn that's weird!
10+Brands+Who+Got+Weird+to+Achieve+Their+Marketing+Goals
Weird marks on side of print and jams via /r/3Dprinting
be whacky, be weird and win #BreezerSoundHike this time
Being force fed some weird food by a shop. Just give me the chips we've ordered let me go!!
It's really weird and annoying how some people *cough cough* are judging #MadeInTheAM when it's not even out yet #EMABiggestFans1D
Is it weird that "Little Black Dress" makes me feel Christmassy. Idek. Hats like my Christmas song now and idk why.
PLEASE GIVE TONS OF LOVE TO @kaisooty! She's weird af but I love her and she writes booty-ful kaisoo (smut) fics!
this crucible movie weird ass shit
Feels so weird to eat with braces.
It's such a weird thing to adjust to when you first start working. But if it's really really bad use sick days
ur so weird idk why U like our neighbouring countries so much
Im fucking weird
the encounter rate is weird bc while watching a friends stream they got ssso many fights but i got like...one every two rooms?
i was singing jet black heart too loud and disturbing to this weird guy from class and he hit me with a book what a great day to be alive
i look so out of it in that pic lol camera flashes make me look weird
#whoisthisgarycharacter from the dad in weird science.
cant complain thanks. got a book, got a tv show to watch. the schoolboy insults are weird but oh well hbu
It's weird how you never know when your last time doing something will be.
hahah wow sounds so weird
Oboe is so weird @GrubbsCaitlyn
Juanie being weird.
What I think is PMB will change the game and tide of Nigerian politics, economy and state of affairs and cut out the mega excesses that...
Im so confused with religions they're really weird
'The LEGO Movie' will get a weird half-sequel before it gets a real sequel: I've still never been to Legoland....
#HaroldRenolds She's Canadian grew up watching the she can catch... Weird Eh??
23 Weird Animal Mating Facts
maybe not six, eight? i was a weird kid
"Is it weird that i falling in love with the same person everyday?" Yes, because it is very hard to give ur attention for onl
high school is such a weird place
Fuck you and the invisible baby unicorn you keep in your pocket that stops you from saying weird shit that makes people look at
Woke up from weird dream- shark bit off a toe so I had 4 2 were unpainted. Went to the bathroom to check- all intact pedicured.
I frequently have weird dreams that mess me up for the rest of the day. Ones that are too vivid with familiar people.
WaPo's Ignatius: Obama's Weird 'I Told You So' About His Own Failed Syria\xffPolicy
changkyun did a weird face at the end of the perf
Felt so weird using that skirt honest I don't match lmao
Is it weird that I have a crush on Remus?
I enjoyed your rant on YouTube thumbnails. Weird half stoned looking chick.
mum's starting to pack in front of me and i'm crying is that weird
Why are people so weird
is making friends in college a real thing or am I just antisocial and weird
What's this weird looking 'blo in my beer?
Intimacy: the capacity to be rather weird with someone - and the knowledge that's OK with them.
This seemed weird ;(
Lmfao this is Chanyeol who looks creepy/weird here
weird how your confidence can build up, but it only takes a second to be destroyed..
Jaw-dropping Sexual Anomalies.. Whoa, You Won't Believe This
good choice of words when mentioning usually people make it weird but You know what to say and when to say it !!!
This shits weird as fuck stop
Ah, weird. Login seems to be served via though.. @eBay
These little tremors seem to be a weekly occurrence in Sandton. Weird.
Weird parents
My grandmas not talking to me because I used her prayer oil to make chips
mm the first image looks kinda weird.
irya and me fangirling over svt is quite weird for me idky
you'd be suprised how much weird shit I see at 5 in the morning driving to work
Some tweets that celebrities get are really weird
Woke up craving Mexican food weird
MY BIAS ON STAGE -Hot -Cool -Handsome -Pretty at the same time -Sweaty -Serious MY BIAS OFF STAGE -Cutie -Crazy -Weird -Insa
Manchester is weird man #manchester #chinatown @ Madchester
via @YouTube Seen a lot of weird shit in life. Yoko Ono Katie Perry Fireworks cover tops. Sounds like whale fucking
It was a bunch of weird conspiracy stuff otherwise.
you're just as weird as us
Playboy is no longer a nudie magazine. Wow that's weird
Weird and wonderful bookshops worldwide in pictures
It's always weird when I'm scrolling through someone's IG feed and go to like a post and see that I've already liked it
The fact that my own drawings scare me is kinda weird
He Stopped When He Heard A Weird Noise In His Car, What H...
I really hate not calling Chris my bf lol but husband sounds mad weird
cos its kinda weird XD plus I then have to go to his house after cos we're arranging a present to get my Gran...>;.>;
So weird thinking that it's the last ever parents evening tonight
aesthetic: louis' weird mouth formations while singing #EMABiggestFans1D
I liked a video The Meanies - 10% Weird
kinda weird how at this time a year ago I still had my dad
I just want to be at least 5'3 but nope :( not even 5'1 :(
Zena is weird af-
they do weird things to attract guys, then act like they're not trying to do that by pretending to dislike your presence
Minneapolis Police: Mahmud Dabshir Aden Refused to Let Pregnant Teen off Bus, Demanded Sex via @BreitbartNews
yeah!!... one is my flat mate and the other is She is weird aha but lovely
Weird Thinking Is Why I Love The Japanese Muses Dragon
Ha yeah. Was weird at first, but getting used to it.
it feels weird saying it, don't even know what it really means..is sket its english equivalent looool
the guy that hit me up on fb yesterday is so weird
Wear your heart on your sleeve. Be good, be kind, be weird.
School gone be so weird today
Dat girl weird as fuckkk
The amount I dance and sing in the car in the mornings is not normal.... I get at least 5 weird looks daily....
Which for me is better than talking about one ministry
Creator of 'Britain's most boring calendar' stunned after failing to shift a single copy
I feel really weird
My sister in-law does weird things when drinking, like tell people she's pregnant then falling down stairs.
The fear that the melody you are writing is already a melody...probably? Within pop structure...definitely? Exude your weird on it hope.
#WeirdVintage: weirdvintage: Dr. Wilbors Cod-Liver Oil Phosphates,...
Don't be weird. You're acting weird. You're making this weird.
there's all these fucking weird people at school in the morning
happy birthday to my favorite human thank u for always making me laugh and for being ur weird self!!!!! i love u!!!!
I really needed to read this this morning. Thanks, @ChuckWendig.
...hearing my brother making weird sounds while reading Magnus Chase
have you ever looked into the eyes of someone who's words are super upbeat, enthused and friendly but they're clearly dead inside?it's weird
Woke up here. Weird. (@ McCarran International Airport (LAS) - in Las Vegas, NV)
Things are getting weird..
it's weird. They'll come here to say guys never notice what girls do but as soon as a dude mentions it, he's a bitch :/
He just checked my test booklet. ._. #weird
Weird. Had my father show up in a dream. That never happens.
Sorry, butting in. That fic was better than Interstellar. It made more sense. Film is interesting, weird end.
"We got London on da track".
im telling u guys my dreams are weird as fuck guys theyd make great comics
Vampire Diaries is gonna be so weird now... Yes I watch it JUDGE ME.
lmfao oh my god he does look weird tho idk what it is though.. too manufactured?
THIS young man\'s disturbing "addiction" has landed his name in the record books - but at a gruesome cost to his face.
weird but I can't wait for school to start
Doc got me on steroids i feel weird :-/
if I made all my weird ass dreams into movies I'd probably be rich by now
7 #SEO Best Practices That Now Seem Weird a bit like #NoBraDay
no matter how weird you are i will still love you unconditionally ehe
Nash your a different kind of weird.
Ground flaxseed is weird
There was some French conversation in my dream last night. Weird, cool I guess.
Weird to think about
Weird ass dreams man..
pfft. I've specifically had a conversation with about your weird thumbs before..
"weird lady" >;_&lt;
I'm ready to go back to school but I don't want to be an adult yet so I'm in this weird Limbo stage.
obviously not. Weird thing to say.
My weird restaurant experience made behind closed ovens haha woo!
Gonna be weird not seeing HBC on the sidelines. Reality of sports and life. Nothing lasts forever.
It won't be until later today. About 5pm east coast time.
We're just like you. We laugh. We cry. We have families, goofy hobbies, and weird allergies. We come from all...
srsly im sorry haha, am really weird in texts haha
Bought TTK yesterday, I like it a lot, but I have this weird feeling...
"Oh that\'s weird, that girl who is clearly in a sorority doesn\'t have a sorority sticker on her car"
this is so weird seeing your Twitter with out it I knew you were a catfish
Japanese Girls Try Very Hard To Work The Pedometer By Bouncing Their Boobs (NSFW)
You compare everybody with him/her. You have weird hallucinations that makes you crazy. That's LOVE. #PSYHiwalay KN #P
Japanese porno on some weird, borderline degenerate shit..
2Pac dem was sleep! How doesn't it look weird, to see a NATION OF ISLAM looking dude in Las Vegas, dry should of had All eyes on Dat mofo
what? This is weird.
Hello the school custodian knows me by name this is weird
I find it weird that a section of the population base their politics on which football team their grandad
A dark novel with dark humor. Ifnyou like weird, you'll like DRAMA DOLLS. Only $2.99 at
scrolling thru the feed in the library and prayin nothing weird comes up
I feel so weird with contacts on
So weird we were all really calm in Glasgow but everyone thought it was a riot????
Want to make your entire day seem weird? Put your watch on the other wrist...
I've been electrocuted so many times it doesn't even hurt anymore, that shit just feels mad weird
Kinda weird to see people stealing designs someone made for me to sell on @CreativeMarket.
I think I had... A dream that my brushpen ran out of ink?? weird
I really think he only said he'd fund us cause he wanted to play tournies with us, that kid is actually just pathetic and weird
Hahaha! The night of Augsburg! Weird Funny! lol
man i remember when shay and i started talking now I'm calling her a twat. aw. its so weird how time changes.
that's weird shall I ring it and see if someone else answers?
Things Turn Weird (22)
So weird taking selfies on a new phone with no cracks lol my phone old phone been cracked since March only got worse
Weird and wonderful hood. Do you HOODS? We have started a website dedicated to HOODS.
why the beginning so weird lol
Only In America. #FFFFFF so weird
T-T lucky you, I can't drink water from a cup or mug without feeling weird
I find it weird when someone posts a picture and captions it with "picture does zero justice." Da fuq u post it for den? #randomthought
7 Weird Facts About Your Balls see more click here &lt;&lt;&lt;>;>;>;
Sis is off to Japan for 10 days and I already feel weird with her being gone. #twinprobs #whatwillwedowhenwegrowup
nice hahaha and we r still waiting for any kardash/jenner to rt our weird convo
bc at least they don't do weird things to the scores unlike COUGHMNETCOUGH
Bit weird about Lucas?
globalmix2k15 " sonymusicsg: Black Magic Love Me Like You Hair Grown #GetWeird Little
Why I'm soo weird
I like the conceit of the one unique thing as a character-building tool because you can just take weird thoughts and make characters w/ em
Actually, Noa is my first name and Mirane is my last. If Mirane was my first name, that'd be very weird! O_o
I'm feeling kinda weird today so I need something to look forward to if I want to do something for schoo\x94
What do you notice when you walk into someone's home for the first it's weird but I actually notice how it smells
oh that one? Yeah i read that one a while back its weird. Parts are rly good, but there r odd grammar errors? Its weird
I can't intentionally flirt tho, I feel weird plus idk how, I'd make a fool of myself I bet, so I can't even flirt to save my life
a0955750933 " skidadling: TY: Went to Osaka-jo already. But my hair was weird so I haven\'t posted the picture
My personality is weird
I would see what you post harry but my tablit will not let me have instagram it did before it is weird.
Haha, wouldn't it be weird if it didn't take 54 versions? musicians can never be happy when they release somethin
I did a shoot yesterday and it was the hardest thing ever. It's weird standing there posing
So weird to be at work while it's pitch black out
My cat left my room and closed the door behind him. I found out by him gently pawing at it. Weird.
the hospital said i got an appointment after the autumn break but the date says it's this thursday?? which is weird
am i too awkward? too quiet? too weird? or am i too noisy? too loud? too annoying? :'/
Is it weird that I'm craving peanuts? Honey roasted. || I wish I'd thought of this tweet. Jock itch. It's al
#Pisces are weird in their own special way
Vegans are weird.
Hella fina be 30 shit. Dated one of my potnas sisters. Now that's weird. Think she got me confused wit a fuckboy I used to roll with
can u imagine today is #NoBraDay weird, right?? i see 'em babes pumping then up tho. u guys imagining too
going back to class tomorrow is going to be so weird since I havent had class in over a week
Kombucha Makers Urging Regulators To Rethink Alcohol Content: Kombucha tea, that weird hipster...
3rd party apps on W10Mobile stopped launching. Reinstall app only fix. Store continues to think installed for quite a while. Weird.
In all bold letters :) for some weird feels. ..we never doubted that :) #ALDUBStayWithMe
Odd numbers with weird expressions #kimtaehyung #jhope #jungkook
Shocking Weird...
Intelligent people are more likely to avoid conflict which explains why some people notice everything but choose to say nothing.
Fcvk man. Weird ass dream
All those snapchats of Liam, can u imagine how weird he must look to the people around him?
weird. Cubs swept the Mets in the season series
we had the best convo, about the changing landscape of men's mags. I had interned at Esquire just one year before. Life is weird sometimes.
IM DELETING THIS IN AN HOUR BECAUSE I SOUND SO WEIRD AND LIKE A GUY OMFG AND THATS NOT EVEN ME SINGING
I've lived in Brum for 8 years. I've been suicidal for 8 years. The link is that grating, horrific accent.
There's some weird kids at this school man
today, I don't mind if people look at me weird for what I'm wearing.. these niggas better be happy I showed up.
Weird fetish bro. : Tprincenjugush Jurassic Park 3D ... I swear I will jizz in my pants
i laughed to hard at that teachers looking at me weird fam
#MinisterialScreening Weird Texts From My Daughter
fantastic, useful (and a little weird) pitching session today at #MicrosoftVentures Well done! #alfred
has weird dreams.
New rapper Kihyun and new vocalist Jooheun :))) Kihyun is such a cutie and weird lol
family: "we don\'t know anything about you" no bc every time i tell you something i get belittled and laughed at and cal
please my issues aint that weird
#FriendsforLife don't let you be weird alone
what's he said please?
Would You Have Ever Thought These 7 Insanely Weird Ways Of Drinking Coffee Was Possible?
Feels weird that is in b/w
not at all! Just sounds good hah reminds me of my grandad
It's weird not talking to someone every day
I've taken 2 sick days in a row because of the flu and it's so weird. In life I've only had 5 sickness-related absences from work or school.
Check out this one weird trick to get gil FAST! Wall Street HATES it! #FinalFantasy X HD Episode 143 is out...
// great, but sometime feel weird...
Ever heard anything like this? "I don\'t believe in miracles." "You Catholics are weird." "I\'m spiritual, I...
This is such an awesome interview with Emily Books author AKA Niina Pollari.
Is it weird that a black cat ran in front of me, I saw 6 ravens, my car hit 36,666 miles and coincidentally Devil...
Well I was a big Weird Al fan growing up
I'm Trying to actively engage in life and the seasons at the end of 2015, instead of letting time slip by me, lost in some weird depression
The only thing that messed me up more than that weird glitch in the matrix type occurence is Interstellar. That movie ruined my life.
I'm having a weird craving for hookah
yellow hedgehog sounds weird u n u
Some unexplained stuff happens in Los Santos. the world of GTA is weird. Check it out:
Yooo if anyone didn't know we have a snapchat 'vampssnap' it gets weird
i n eed a link to the bora.... this one works but the camera is weird
I was a weird person 2 months ago smh, new month new me
Most Cringeworthy FAILS
#TBD Click here to know the different types of guys every girl in her #20s encounters.
Days after sex I could still smell your scent . Is that weird ?
You know things are weird when Zon starting to make sense.
Dark, #WEIRD #PRISON #THRILLERS: #Halloween
rather weird for u and stiga to claim a freebie!!!!
It's weird fruit Wednesday! These are mini kiwis but in berry form o.o
I DID NOT KNOW YOU LIKED THEM :( i find them too sweet weird but I made more it's in the ref!
not having acrylics on is so weird :( :(
im the weird dad, wine mom, vodka aunt, and gay emo cousin all in one person
lool when you finally get to the point of knowing someone for long enough where it's not weird if they call u 13 times before u answer
small weird angry duelist
ang weird
Its weird how a dream can change your perspective on a person -Ryan Garcia
You know that's another thing thats weird some people like your posts and press like And don't even bother to look at the post for a sec
Is it weird that when I see a commercial for tiny homes I think of Devin Jenna? #tiny
What a weird dream...
10 Weird Animals From New Chile Reserve, Biggest in Americas -
In the full article, reports is on "Secret Love Song" #GetWeird.
Sat in my old school...this is weird
feels so weird not putting any heat or anything on my hair now, all finally natural
Weird, I've never needed a background check to buy a book.
The content of the following pictures is difficult to explain. Sometimes our life is full of weird moments.
The creator of 'Britain's most boring calendar' is stunned by his sales figures
Shit is getting weird because now he's flat out talking to himself about combing his hair.
angus thongs and perfect snogging is so weird and it makes me cringe so bad
Had a weird dream that Silvester Stallone and I were buddies. Yah.
Its weird how you want me to be there but you didn't even need me?
Well, after a surprising rollercoaster weekend of weird and transformational energy, todays card suggests youre...
i don't really read crack fics or like weird fics with weird pairings.
People Who Order Coffee Black Are More Likely To Be Psychopaths! Thoughts?
all i am your voice is so weird but i love it^^
Big party at my house Wednesday. Let's get weird.
I once had a fetish porn blog persistently like my pictures I posted but never follow me. tumblr is V weird.
Had another weird dream again. great.
It's weird to see Harry posted his own picture even though without his face on Instagram #EMABiggestFans1D
How weird is it anyway to be without a soul while you are the soul itself.
my snapchat story basically consists of me lipsyncing to random songs (mostly 1d) I am weird
Well... I see your point.
i literally thought it was mark LOOOL then i see see why like something weird
I imagine you'd be getting a bunch of really weird looks right now...imagine having to explain that!
laker updates are so weird i love it
uses Marth in 7th platoon 5 man band au as a literal description of me and things that I do, bc saying thing outright would feel weird
Kii acting weird
Haha, wouldn't it be weird if it didn't take 54 versions? musicians can never be happy when they release something!
right like I don't get how people just believe everything someone says. It's weird. Yea college is definitely gonna be free
negus weird out here man.
I keep getting told people can't understand my accent. Going to start faking some weird accent. Weirder than my Canadian accent. :/
Yeah must have been a weird coincidence I reckon.
isnt it so weird how i fall for the wrong person
yeah but can't you do that weird magic jojo seeing thing trick
You compare everybody with him/her. You have weird hallucinations that makes you crazy. That's LOVE. #PSYHiwalay // #Pus
What a weird morning
#NoBraDay Weird Texts From My Daughter
*is actually so weird* *wonders why my little sister is so weird*
#creepy #ants #weird #iphone #ios #gadget #phone #insects Ants are incredibly small, they of...
Testimonials:
Aunt must know mom left child $$ and didn't leave her a dime. Money makes people do weird things mane
why does that disappear? Weird things mitochondria. They say back in the olden times they were unicellular...
Is it weird that we both wear skinny jeans but he makes them look better than me?
There's a weird gross pile of stinking flesh under this bench. Is it a dead animal? Some fish? ... Human?
I liked a video from HOW TO SCARE SOMEONE
I did not want to watch 70 seconds of you moving your face around awkwardly not saying a word on snapchat. Weird ass
I'm too weird to work at an office
Modeling for an art class is weird.. Talk about being under a microscope lol
I'm like really awake and it's weird I'm usually so tired someone help me this is not natural
you can't be this weird
So not with your profile. Needing to redownload your profile was just a weird coincidence (or wider Xbox Live issue).
Hmm, your on-board is probably comparable but weaker than that. Would upgrade ASAP though as that's a strong bottleneck..
just a giant mosasaur frolicking in the waves, grateful for the gift of his lithe weird-as-hell body
weird, the new macs dont use Skylake, but Broadwell CPUs :/
omg!! My heart!! :+)))) thank u
Apparently it's 'No Bra Day' today, but is the 'awareness day' all it seems?
Not a good sports day yesterday if you're a fan of either of the USC schools. #Ouch #Weird
10 Super Weird Exotic #Superfoods You Haven't Heard Of via @ #Food #
Omg continuation of this weird nightmare for two days consecutively?!?!???
That was almost really weird
Weird dream files: somehow I bumped into Stephen Colbert in a network studio and start chatting with him. Just as I'm about to ask him for
I feel weird cause some bitch like came up and bit my face at this club last nigh t, and I didn't even get a #
POD thinks.. you look better like this. More natural. Approachable even. Urrnnhhh I dunno POD, I feel weird without my Bluetooth headset
@twittermedia Here are 7 Most Insane Things That Have Been Banned Across The #Worldwide
#MH17 Weird Texts From My Daughter
WaPo's Ignatius: Obama's Weird 'I Told You So' About His Own Failed Syria Policy #tcot #p2 #news
Its weird ashit we was in the same exact formation in both these pics , its just one person different
#GiveTwitterASlogan Weird Texts From My Daughter
The cafeteria plays some weird music in the morning
People are weird , my ex boyfriend made so many people fake hate me .. Crazy thing is he doesn't
Considering how many fishsticks I ate as a child it's weird how much of a nonexistent role they play in my life now.
idk its a weird one like, i felt a bit fucked
weird ass dream..
Would You Like To Try These Weird Ear Piercing And Gages
That's just weird, man.
I like to make weird sex noises and say things like "oh baby" while people are on the phone to their parents
I think it's extraordinarily weird that they don't have a left ear
my math support class is pointless now. especially since he teach weird and said we can't use calculators. I should've dropped that bih.
Weird Stats: First Downs - Cowboys 18 Patriots 20 ToP - Cowboys 33:12 Pats 26:48 Red Zone Trips - Cowboys 2 Pats 3 We lost
You compare everybody with him/her. You have weird hallucinations that makes you crazy. That's LOVE. #PSYHiwalay // #PushAwardsKathNiels
i am so weird so done with myself
Wearing sally from the nightmare before Christmas costume and getting weird looks on the bus..fun! #ilookfab #whocares #costume #hottopic
weird that you're gay but she's your girlfriend. Haha
People put such a major emphasis on money and materialistic things.it's just weird to me.
Feels weird going back to school haha
Kayode Fayemi is a name you can't just fault whenever intellectualism is involved.I only pray he will do well administrativ
This is weird. Climate change is having a surprising effect on bumble bees: Their tongues are shrinking
Everything feels so weird
i start year 12 in three weeks how weird is that wahhhh
I liked a video FireStick Revisited: How to load KODI 15.1 on a Amazon FireStick II (no weird
"Am i too awkward? too quiet? too weird? or am i too noisy? too loud? too annoying?"
Have you ever questioned whether ghosts really exist? Check this #photography collection. #weird #ghost
college has this weird affect on your body
and she posted a picture of eric harris and richard ramirez and like posts other weird robbery and murder photos wtf
SAP workshop. sorry but SAP business one is not the best product out there. very weird config and setup
Is it weird that I actually use Tinder there are some really cute girls and I found my classmate in it.
God has a weird way of workin things out
this arrangement is deliberate n pre-determined. Sen Udoma Udo Udoma didn't just appeared first. It's deliberate
When u see people sharing gfs like really do you know how much fish are in the see. Guys are so weird
lol i was driving but now i'm in college and waiting for the weird looks
listened to it earlier, it's weird lol but is cool so I guess the song is cool
My stomach always feel weird after I smoke a cigarette
you look weird af anyway
Ghost liker?.. #weird
Also find the AMA category's weird. Like pop/rock album why not a pop category a rock category etc
Kate Upton is hot.
..... Ok that sure as hell sounded weird. But u get me rite? Rite
nope. Weird ringing/hissing sound all night, and lots of pressure ache on my left head side too. Idk whether labyrinthine again
I get so involved in the show I set and tell the people on tv what to do// weird//
But I'm not big on shipping for myself - weird right?
i hope u choke on a nugget while trying to do that weird melbourne turn : ) )))))
so glad he is back YouTube is so dang weird. via @YouTube
Until the nominee start singing "Ma bi mi ni Jamb Question, I no be dundee, I no be fool
Weird how I find it hard to sit still for 1 whole hour at work feel like I'm wasting time... Time for the app I think
Sometimes, things just get weird. #sketch #art #ink #pencil #surreal
Run Run Run by Phoenix (at Weird Mansion)
Feels weird not getting ready for class right now and being at work but I'm thankful for this week off from school lol
Weird ass curl pattern I got going this morning
whats up with rookie groups and weird names its been happening since lat year
GTX 460. Upgrading processor and mb to skylake and z170 but waiting on graphics for a while.
I MADE A WEIRD NOISE OUT LOUD
Found myself so weird.
I felt weird wearing a hat to the gym last night
i had a dream van was flirting with me before this huge parade thing the band was having it was so weird but also amazing
I be looking at weird stuff on porn sites. So I'm not even gonna go check that site out. Cuz I know it won't have what I want. Lol
Leland in Twin Peaks is weird as fuck
huh. Weird. It was beyond slow 2 days ago for me.
Weird the things you adore in someone can turn to ugly so quick.
Im gonna go jump in front of a plane tho cause there are weird amounts of sexy guys here. And I look like a homeless guy
I liked a video Big Lifestyle Change | Becoming a Vegan?
Is it weird that this girl in 4th period likes touching my neck?
This pool party is weird
Call Sebastian by his name or Seb because sebi is just weird and creepy
battlefront beta is weird
Everytime I tell people I'm a bio major and graphic design minor they say that its a weird combination...
no he's blue and weird so no.
its so weird to think all of my close friends in middle school that i used to eat lunch with an text all day are all strangers
nope. im real and fab all the way *feels weird being kim booty tho*
When I miss school, it feels weird because I never miss a day
Glenn was trying to make some weird arguement that unless I provided specific tweets of me denouncing jews...
this is 100% a dude with a weird fetish
Yeah. Weird init! It's ok. Used a batch file thanks to JG which sorted it
Some kids are so weird... Like damn what kind of person raised you??
Well I was a big Weird Al fan growing up lol
this sounds weird and kinda wrong but i support all of this
10 Brands Who Got Weird to Achieve Their Marketing Goals Search Engine\xffJournal
Is it weird that I'm craving peanuts? Honey roasted. || I wish I'd thought of this tweet. Jock itch. It's all I've got.
Jimmy Fallon Gets People To Show Their Google Search History. Things Get Weird.
Well that's super weird...
DON'T CALL HARRY DADDY ITS WEIRD STOP HES NOT A DADDY HES MY SON HES JUST A LITTLE BEAN
These two weird ass white boys in my first block always talk about guns. the fact they have access to firearms worries me.
His Girlfriend Noticed Something Weird In Her Belly Button, When They Took It Out
what- oh, that's weird. still though- okay good- buy lots of them. nods.
yes you have value!!! she has to pay to copy you lol nah jk im weird
harry has to stop producing quality content. go back to being a weird hermit frog. i'm fragile
Yeah, that was weird. Order at the bar, etc.
when i really need to talk to you cause ya friend weird!
have not been myself lately, living weird
My hair is getting really long and at a weird stage.
Excuse me .. I got 10/10 in a spelling test once... for some weird reason autocorrect is f***ing me over XDDDD
I have bad sinuses. I can't even smell gasoline. But I get a weird chemical smell occasionally out of the blue.
You compare everybody with him/her. You have weird hallucinations that makes you crazy. That's LOVE. #PSYHiwalay KN #PushAwardsKathNiels
Listen. Tuesday just got weird.
Pensioner assaulted supermarket shopper who tried to buy carrots he was looking at
I never wear sweatpants to school last year I wore sweatpants like 3 times and if was fuckin weird
Wait until BRF n Amaechi enter the hallowed chambers. The mood of these jovial Senate will change.
It's awesome how this crazy, tiring (and weird with Markie-poo ahahah ) day end with #GOT72NDWIN
He's so weird
Weird how everyone saw me Photoshopping bikinis on to prunes
Let's be weird together. &lt;3
also that plagiarism detector thing is weird.
weird question. but does your genitalia hurt in them TIGHT jeans?? :/
GUYS WEIRD GD NI YA PERO I GET SUCH AN ADRENALINE RUSH WHENEVER I DIRECT. Plays, PIM, skits, whatever. I love it so much huhu
girls really r so weird the girls I enjoyed being around last yr I legit wanna punch in the tit this yr lmao
ive been having some weird ass dreams lately.
the correct answer to 'can i have a vegetarian sandwich' is not 'would you like this one? it has ham in it'. wow portslade. weird place.
Ngl this is bare weird.. I know he's your son but still relax my g
As weird can be, his music gonna b alive for decades I believe ...... Fuck the critics !!!
this is weird, ohh never mind our fishing trip is the other weekend
"What makes us weird makes us wonderful.@MikeFoster
its weird actually but UNNIE
weird, but possible I suppose, right now I'm having ragweed allergies, no fun
prefer the Geordie myself
MHCS | toni g | sporty + pretty face | pinky skin (weird to include, pero totoo to promise haha)
I find it so weird that he even posted that like ok, thank you I'm dead now but i never felt so alive!
it feels way too weird having today off
People on that after school app weird as shit
You're weird. I like that shit.
That's so weird must be a good tweet
Get excited for 'Get Weird', fans!
Rarely if ever flirt on online that shoot your shot shit with no clear indication of mutualism just shooting in the dark seem weird to me.
I have 10 notifications at once, weird.
Weird. Having difficulty imagining the judges approving these exceptions.
I know what the fuck why is he instagramming himself like that? Weird if it's for promo....
My fro forehead is being weird today but, it's okay! I feel damn good.
Flit so that kashmir: the raggedness touching kashmir correspondingly an fleeing weird: mehCcbOh
I still love my baby tho...call me weird a psycho nigga is a super turn on to me lool
Text Your Wife Into Bed: Presentation reveals a weird but effective meth... #whiteboard #UK
#weird #News You Can Now Buy a Handful of Dead Autumn Leaves for $19.99 #art
I'm glad for the change. They have some good video game coverage, but going to Playboy dot com is weird.
But feels so weird knowing that I've applied to uni I still feel like 10 yrs old
tru, I'm not even half way through it and its weird af
The weird kid next to me keeps showing me pictures of dogs
why does it feel weird- gosh
yeah I can see how it would be weird to hear a different voice coming from someone whose voice you know.
Something weird going in with your app in OSX. Everyones pics gone 3 old contact notifications (long ago accepted) still...
FaZe PenG Edits are my favorite weird part
Why is penn colleges wifi being weird
Do ya know, I'm just as fucked up as you, though, is that even weird?
EVERYONE NEEDS TO KNOW IM IN LOVE WITH THIS WEIRD SEXY GIRL AND SHES MINE AND YOU CANT HAVE HER OKAY??!?!
Some weird things getting about Twitter
Listening to old Imagine Dragons is weird it's like? Where are the giant synth drums???
That's so weird to me...
you may think I'm a weird cunt but I'm still getting Maurice tattooed on me. Cause of how much stack mean
It's weird to feel like you miss someone you're not even sure you know. @KDockyard
This may sound kinda weird but your arms are so teeny tiny I know how hard you work and girl you look gooood #Tracy
He probably thinks I'm weird af now imaoooooo
It must be really weird having a room where people undress to be named after you.
Woke up in a weird mood
My favorite nurse came in my room like "I feel like I\'ve known you forever its going to be so weird coming to work you not being here"
Charo here it's game day, baby! Got my lucky hat ready (it's only weird if it doesn't work) #WRCCharoTakeover
there is a museum of torture :D I know it might sound weird, but it's the only such museum in the world. Ask around and check it out
#NoBraDay thats so weird, BRAh.
I really hate my Spanish teacher yo. This nigga hella weird .
We live in a weird world when an elected politician not bowing and scraping to some old German tart...
hehe... seriously weird :) x
this is weird. I would never eat cows or chickens! Drunk or not.
Cant wait to go home. Soo tired of walking already. N feeling like a weird guy
Justin on his gay shit on my snap this nigga weird
Theres a weird sense of relief knowing everything is temporary.
although, to be fair if they had a male character that punched demons it'd be a bit weird
So on my days off I text pictures of things I'm doing because it's kinda like she's here too... Ok, maybe I'm weird.
so someone confirmed that my room stinks of weird despite not owning any : )
The view was incredible. Very weird experience, though.
#Weird: Governor Fayose Releases His Personal Phone Number To Ekiti People Latest News:
its weird, like if im not around people i know and understand different things but as soon as another person is in sight everything goes
Kat sobre Steroline: "Its kind of like your siblings making out though so its kind of like weird
The SLC is so empty, it's kind of weird
Try putting thank you instead. R* weird but there shouldnt be nothing wrong with that :/ -itches head-
dont go to sleep if youre wide awake. youll have weird ass dreams
now it kinda feels weird not to study HAHAH zz
that was weird .-.
Had a weird dream last. Dreamt that I was star gazing last night w/@shadithedreamer. Saw a ufo, and several shooting stars and comets
Weird Al Yankovic Word Crimes
it's so weird how me and barely talk at school but we're such great friends
why is tantum verde making my throat numb this is so weird
ikr i actually love the smell of a book page, weird lol
Basically, expect that from any politician Born before 1970-1975
Photo shoot of Death. Sounds weird... #death #neilgaiman #sandman #comics #thesandman #doll #handmade #
She Put Gummies Into Popsicle Trays . . . Seems Weird, But It's Actually Amazing!
Love the brum accent
Signs that winter is here 2. You feel so sorry for the postie you wonder if it would be too weird to give him a hot cup of tea #HelloWinter
Of course, would be weird if he didn't!
Stomach acting weird from yesterday
" white jawn weird she said I really liked ya hair so I dyed mine the same color like no"weird
Cheater perfectly describes a situation my friends are in...this is weird
Me crying over thesis *again! Sorry friends* then saw on #PSYHiwalay, wiped my tears shouted "Aleeex" yes Im weird.
Omg that is weird
"I feel weird"
36 Repetitive Nucleotides That Absolutely Meant To Mention 1 Weird Trick This Mom Learned
My knees feel weird...they feel water logged heavy. #C3POwalk #thisofficerealcold #iwannaliedown #thisagingthingannoying
A very weird day !! hory shiet
posting photos of yourself passed out drunk is so weird ...
Twitter logic is weird and y'all eat that shit up. It's scary because nah.
Weird ass dreams run my whole life #burningbuildings #internetfamous #nosleep #fakesex #whattheactualfuck
---->; Ever heard of this weird dish it will blow your mind :) #food #Foodporrn #Japan #JapanWay #seafoodweek #sea
Aerobicide/Killer Workout. Yeah they made 2 movies on this set, no doubt. The one we have seen and the other a porno. Too weird
Feels weird to sleep alone
life can get so weird at times, true shit
yeah bro it was weird af
Out of nowhere, I asked, 'Am I for this?' Weird.
Speech is a weird word
I have a weird cousin ,am sorry she made me upload it
necesito get weird y sgfg ya ahora
weird fragmented phrases and ideas like the pressure in their hands and a city divided by time @ThePatanoiac
Agreed! Weird is where it's at.
So weird how so much can change in a year
My body feel all types of weird
... Little water. You'll only find a few objective souls worthy of being called true educated men. They're all about same
So just this premier episode? It was kinda weird though, they did that nonlinear black white thing
Research: People Who Order Coffee Black Are More Likely To Be Psychopaths.
When I came to my senses, I was being carried off by some weird person...
Still feels weird seeing the Cubs in the playoffs
ooh-ahh? why am I thinking weird things.
So now magazine is going NON NUDE? This world is weird. A nudie magazine without nudes....
I call all my friends babygirl. Is that weird
yeah haha it's a weird playlist
this whole situation is weird, it's too early.
Such weird and random dreams I have...
This is weird it aint 80 out already at 9 am I'm feelin too good rn im boutta let off a couple shots in the air wake every1 up
Being happy is so weird. I haven't been this happy in a very long time.
Humpback Whales Under The Northern Lights Is A Beautiful Sight via @YahooCanada
she's weird looking but still kind of attractive. Maybe it's just cause AHS looks decent this series and her character is good
thats weird i don't see a emoji. Rude.
IM TRYIG SO HARD NOT TO SCREAM OR LOOK WEIRD IM SO MCJSHD
I'm one of those weird people who has to sit on the end of a row and I'm only half sorry
enlivenedeye: #Goodweird: Weird as weird gets.. I loveit!
WONWOO WAS DOING SMT SUPER WEIRD TO MINGHAO IN THE VID WHAT...
Keep your pumpkins weird. Download these Louisville carving designs: @loumetroparks
Fell asleep with bae on my lap again and a few dudly voices coming from her... Sounds weird ik, but it's pretty common.
Is it weird that when ever i see te word Folk i think it says Foik
Things are just getting weird with this argument lol
The metro announcement is weird today. Keeps reading out the wrong stations; "this is Gateshead" even tho I\'m at Byker
there's another cameron on the desk now and it's just weird
Yeah, I feel dirty You know things are weird when Zon starting to make sense.
if you could change your @ name thatd be cool bc i feel weird tagging you in cute tweets with that dirty name lmao
So I'm at the mall before it even opens its stores weird
darling, youre killing me with all these emotional tweets. This is weird. I'm supposed to be the emotional one. not you.
retainers got my mouth feeling weird
it's the weird way of the world now tho isn't it? I'm going to a Barca game in Jan via Groupon haha standard seating
... Yes hahaha orz weird right. But, yeah. Well what can I say. I always protected every people who is my first in any things.
1 sperm cell contains about 37.5MB of DNA - So a normal ejaculation transfers about 1,587GB of data in 3 s
I feel so weird rn
i've done it before why is that so weird
Yesterday was the first time not talking to oomf all day and night, felt weird
i had a. weird fucking dream.
It's not our lens and we don't know how that happened but it's a weird thing for sure.
Wow I'm late but I just now updated Twitter and I feel so weird
wts ppl are going to call me farhana omg dis weird. Ppl have been calling me rini for the past 10 yrs lmao
My head hurts and I had really weird dreams.
Listen to Anima Mundi by Papadosio #np on #SoundCloud This gives me weird feelings
really weird getting gf episodes on a semi regular basis
Isn't it weird when you can't see with yours eyes closed ?
Point is, voting in an educated man well acquainted with the conduct affairs makes no difference. His education holds little
apparently..it's so weird ffs
Feels weird not talking to someone that you talk to constantly. Even if it's for like just a few hours lol
Guess what it could be. It\xefs #small fit\xefs in your #hand and you can #build some #weird #constructions ^^
i felt weird tweeting this!!!!
Hilarious Facebook Comebacks That'll Make You Want to Call The Burn Unit
I love rainy days #weird #rainrelaxes
Super weird dream..
soundgoodizer: do you ever think about how weird of a name squidward tentacles is like imagine if your...
hahaha yeah sometimes he is reaaaaally weird
That moment of being weird " Cute teen girl babe strips then spreads her sweNet
THIS WEEK'S ISSUE: War At vs @AAofficial, PLUS LOADS more!!
Dell and EMC yes indeed this is a weird combination
weird bog ?!
Old vibes are weird
And suddenly i|'s weird to sit on a stranger'x lap and ask for free stuff?
it's weird, in certain aspects they've never been more popular but attendance, ratings etc are all time lows
It's weird because the original owner of Magic City is from NJ. Newark, I believe.
I was in the store Alexis Ren is in, in her snapchat wtf so weird
YES ITS SO WEIRD I CANT BEKIEVE IT HAPPENED YESTERDAY
My camera does weird things.
This Bitch Is ALWAYS Screenshotting My Pictures , That's Gay Weird Asf
I can't stop laughing at this. As weird as this would be... sometimes you just have to let it be and laugh it out.
yeah that's actually so weird that he used so many 's
Said "Good Morning" to a coworker, then realized it was just a large gourd sitting in her chair. It\'s gonna be a weird day.
ikr its sheer weird
They're about to be on Australia! You ready for on @thexfactor_au? #XFactorAU
why is everyone sad on the day im happy? so weird
forgive me guys. I'm weird.
I'm really going to learn so many techniques. Just amazing, science is weird, like sequencing looking at proteins, like whaat?
when u wanna take a selfie but the person parked next to you won't get out of their car and you don't want to seem weird &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
Had a dream my parents were still together.... Sooo weird
Happy Crazy Funny Lol Cool Bitch In love Sweet Weird that's me kind of me ya .. #sharing hahaaa.
my shirt has weird ass wrinkles its a bad day
Wiping off our tears because it's time for #LittleMixOnXF! YES! Live on Seven NOW. #xfactorau
that's not weird. That's ignorance.
Weird and awesome are synonyms.
i hope jackson will dye back his hair black for next comeback. he look kinda weird when his hair down with white hair....
You watching @thexfactor_au? are getting ready to perform 'Love Me Like You' for the first time EVER!
We are SOOOOO ready! #LittleMixOnXF #xfactorau
It's weird when friends don't act like friends
I'M CRYING ADDED ME BACK WHAT THEY WILL SEE ALL MY WEIRD SNAPS OH WELL (ignore the other people omg)
but you what I find really weird out of all this is that Karl didn't play on his first account
A #DoubleElimination on the same night that @LittleMix, AND perform?! This is too much. LIVE on
i don't know about that one :/ weird i thought they had almost everything translated but they release so much stuff lol
something thats weird: i always feel.. strangely disconnected from solidus
you know is weird how is supposed to raise awareness for cancer which you cant fucking tell from the name.
Do you ever feel like crying for no fucking reason? Its weird #EMABiggestFansJustinBieber
white jawn weird she said I really liked ya hair so I dyed mine the same color like no
Weird Handle.
no it's weird
weird cause after I watched it, I grabbed a towel to clean up
i know babe but it's weird lol
it is having a lot of weird coughs and sneezes lately tho. Nice to see you doing something lol Still up for
My phone be in some weird shit I might have to grab that 6s
My dreams Be so Weird....
Apparently I was coherent enough at 2am to screenshot the notification that they guy I liked tagged me in a post. I'm so weird. Nerd.
People at Arnold are just not weird . They're insane
Another great post by @ChuckWendig Go Big, Go Weird, Go You, And F*ck Fear Right In The Ear
3 people followed me and 2 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by
Sweet Kinky Classy #weird... #adult #classy #free #goldenshower #pee #Piss #porn #video #XXX
Shevelle be tweeting weird shit
this feels weird talking on our mains
***weird
23 Weird Drawings Drawn By Children3 Is Horrifying
On the other hand,when I told my female workmates that I still did the love letter thing,they all said it was childish and weird.
That was a weird/awkward dream
How come? Hahaha weird
yo like its actually weird how feelings work
what weird weather. It's nice/ cool outside but humid and muggy inside. I'm about to roll up my sleeves already. Maybe i'm just hot flushin
@tendertones, the "Psychedelic Songstress," Talks Cleveland, Genre-Defiance, and "Weird
I had a dream I did another college program and I lived at Vista Way and worked at MK adventureland THAT WAS WEIRD
The 5SOSFam and the Directioners are so weird but I love them so much
Because he stares... It's so weird and uncomfortable
why am I laughing so hard ur so weird
The guy at the snack shack hugged me because I'm sick. Super weird but it's the thought that counts....right....?
Chinese people weird
Asian people weird lol He swear he riding a motorcycle
He's acting weird again
haha.... It's weird isn't it how it can go from good to bad. They need to just play CS instead of in real life
It's so weird being raised to not sexualize a human body then finding out that other people were raised very different
Sorry for all the s but Australia is weird and wild....
Shout out to the weird muthafuckas in Mcc's cafeteria for taking up all the booths to play games on their laptops
BTS'Taehyung really likes doing weird dance and sing a trot song. So ARMY, called him Alien.
Now new looks weird
We are living in weird times.
Yo why the hell were we so weird..?
Bunbun stay flexing on sum weird shit
YEEEE plebs are weird
"he spoke almost like a man vindicated when a policy of his own administration had collapsed in failure
it so weird hearing pitbull sing in spanish for a long time bc he usually sings in spanglish
It's ur choice to follow me or nt.I know dat I'm talking too weird bt I ONLY 12 Wat will I do uif u will
This is gonna sound weird buttttttt....
Why is all this weird shit happening to me...
I won't keep this anymore bec that would make me a normal person. I'm weird. I'll stick to it.
MOL They should! Luckily mom stops them from nibbling. I suspect I'd be naked otherwise! They are weird creatures.
No one really celebrates it and I want to carve a pumpkin so bad but it isn't tradition here so I'd look pretty weird :(
This illness of my brother is making me independent. And it's really weird.
My mom got Snapchat... I post good stuff on my story so this'll be weird for her but fun for me lol
LOVE THAT HOW THEY DON'T KNOW PROMOTING SOMETHING. THEY'RE WEIRD AF ADSFSDADSGF #EMABiggestFans1D
I'm back! Anyone missed that weird memori trash friend? Jk, idk
Stone is such a weird lipstick colour but I'm a little bit in love
So I have this weird fetish where I like to spill coffee on my favorite sweater
Weird Facts About the P0rn Industry ===>;
It's so weird when guys approach me in public settings and ask if I go to Buff State... Like.. How did you even know? I'm never there
all these your grammar goes down to what exactly?! We shouldn't vote in educated and smart people in there???
I have a real crush on this girl i work with i feel weird
I gotta get use to it I still feel weird
... Of the much heralded change.
its weird not people able to talk to somebody you really wanna talk too
weird email address is closest Ive found: CO16Mailbox-.FixedPenaltyNoticeEnquiries@met.police.uk
Seing everyone I seen sober this weekend is kinda weird
I liked a video from FUNGUS JUICE?!? - Weird Food Challenge
Stop giving me weird looks I had to dress up for business class okay
Posters, IMO. Lunchbox has a cool front but the back is weird. But if you want it all ask for some money.
My girl friend is acting weird as fuck for no reason and it's pissing me off
Ralston has some weird ass freshman
This woman see me at least once a week she gives me that weird look when I ask for Chai Tea with hot water only ... -_-
Waking up to no dog is so weird man , I wanna cry but Ima hold it in
but you gotta play it cool so he doesn't think you're weird
I come at this from a weird angle anyway cuz I don\'t get the little boxes we put "food" and "not food" animals in
"aw crap." Me: "what?" Lydia: "I fudged up my attack because I was looking at you." ......and she likes to say I\'m weird...
... And it's always visible in the conduction of such affairs. These things seems like some filibusterous charade in the name
Join the WEIRD-OH Brigade!!!
Its weird how the older I get, the more I miss him; even tho he's been gone for 15 years
Got so weird twitch in my legs and they won't stop shaking
He drove lightcycles and weird stuff.
via WaPo's Ignatius: Obama's Weird 'I Told You So' About His Own Failed Syria Policy
Like..there were dinosaurs roaming the earth once, outer space is weird and cool as fuck..why are we not constantly freakin
Rese\xa4a: Weird Girl and What's His Name #fbloggers #bbliggers #lbloggers #bookr
that game is so idk weird
I had a very weird nasty nightmare/dream last night
Lol nah, they aren't weird in a good way.
#AlertaKitten #Rese\xa4a: Weird Girl and What's His Name (Meagan Brothers) #bookreview
first day of new role at work is going well, feels so weird haha
Seems like you Gotta be weird to seem normal in this crazy world.
I'm completely ok with one of my females friends stripping. Long as they don't get weird on me after I've seen them butt booty
Another measure of this truly weird election. All norms out the window everywhere you look in politics and policy.
I miss the old days of "blockbuster kick it". "Netflix chill" may end up having you watching some weird shit.
listening to a 32 hour playlist of glee songs because I have a weird love-hate relationship with this show
me: i feel so out of it everything is so weird also me: man i need to tweet this!!!
heeeey xxx
Jesy is OVER Jamaican accents! But she did do a brilliant impression of a certain #TOWIE star #LittleMixInAustralia htt
I think you're right. What a weird day.
My play list be like weird as helll bruh
Isn't it weird that we talk least about the things we think about the most?
Premiere is so fken weird omg
he actually posted a picture of HIMSELF why's that so weird
I can't drink caffeine so I drink decaf coffee because I love the taste is that weird
My neighbors are weird af
it is having a lot of weird coughs and sneezes lately tho. Nice to see you doing something lol Still up for that night out?
whenever i walked passed tyler i was dancing like a weird white fuck and he stared at me for like 4 seconds and gave me the weirdest look
I feel like we've done better against the rush than that rating suggests. Weird.
its so weird not knowing anybody like i literally hate it
yeah.. shanta is weird
No, this man weird.
A weird thing. I just remembered that yesterday was my family dog's birthday. She was a mixed dachshund named Hund. She would've been 51.
OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG!!!! are chatting with TOMORROW!!! 'Love me like you' on NOW!!!!!
but nobody is as weird as me
nothing screams unhealthy like fast food breakfast does idk why. Taco bell, white castle.. They sell some weird ass bfast items too...
Video: Jesy and Perrie talking about Get Weird for Amplify Now.
I really want you there. So many men it's weird x
Weird ass couple lol
Me on my period
Wonderfully weird" says @kermodemovie. Looking forward to welcoming and the great Orion on Tuesday
I have pretty long eyelashes for some weird reason.
my left one does a weird double jointed clickly thing
you smell weird
yeah. " I love the person who appreciate me, even if I have a weird personality."
ur so weird on snapchat
Ok weird music video day it is: 'Fat Bottomed Props.
weird dummy ?
I HOPE KIMI DATES U SOON HE SEEMS WEIRD LIKE U
so weird.... Lol
a weird human HAHAHA ouch
OH GOD THIS MT Writers, you need to read this. You've heard this before, but not like this.
16 Pics That Will Make You Laugh
ta na cara que vai ser weird people
welcome to the weird world of "Twitter" lol
*twitter people Twitter men so weird.
"Nah, you\'re fine hun bun. I\'m wired on coffee most of the day so I undedrstand weird." She teases @ClassyTemptress, winking at the girl.
... Personally, I think when the right thing is being done in the right way in that edifice, it's got an undertone
Deja Weird
ive been hearing weird things from people since last night... wtf
Today is weird. I woke up and actually thought I should put on jeans
HAHAHAHA hi mina we're weird arent we
A COREOGRAFIA DE LOVE ME LIKE YOUUUU
It so weird, I am still able to access the video from the link BluealertUS posted,
I'm in a weird mood where I'm not sad but I'm not happy ya feel???
The weighting's weird - most seem to be FRAK!
my throat feels really weird i better not be catching what debbie had this weekend :(
College people are weird!
Twitpic urs " okay, so days are #NoBraDay kinda weird !! everyone is not going for, huh"
I guess Im always the weird one =(
You see the screws n nose rings n see a weird nigga I see the same thing expect I'm that nigga lol
'Beautiful girl' Orchid, the world's oldest horse, dies aged 50 #horsebiz
this is a totally legit article, but it seems a little weird to headline a piece about journalists with a game dev
For a second I thought it\'d be weird for her on stage, being so much shorter than the "angels". Then I remembered Ariana performed last year
my last tweet got cut off. Did you mean the questions were weird because you couldn't say no?
yes i did
omg im dead right now my teacher is looking at me weird! loll
Happened to me too, she still follows me but I don't follow her, weird.
Had a weird dream
It's kind of a weird thought knowing my life is about to completely change again in a few weeks
pfft you're about to be bald after get weird
ahs murder house was really cleverly written and so good but now i feel they are just trying to be as weird as possible
no, thank god
But anyways my mom bought her this expensive ass baby doll this hoe weird bro it gots a wiener
Latest from the blog: Weird Data: Outbound Marketers Say Outbound Marketing Overrated
I find it so weird how I randomly wake up at night to use my phone reply to people
These hoes weird I swear
Is it weird that Playboy announced they are eliminating nude photographs on #NoBraDay ?
it's weird cause I don't know what market they're for, maybe they're not for one particular segment
The World's #BiggestCruiseShip #Funny #Crazy #Weird #Silly #Strange #Special #amazing...
today has been so # @! and ??? it's been such a weird day
I used to think anyone doing anything weird was weird. Now I know that it is the people that call others weird that are weird. Paul
just wait till you glo up bro girls GONN come at you weird, real recognize real.
Just got sent these weird #Insidious cupcakes 'cos Insidious 3's out on DVD and that
The 15 Most Popular Sexual Fetishes Include Some Really Weird Shit --
Weird Vision's World: How to get hold of ARCs and free review copies of my books
I have this super weird crush on Tom Hanks and I think I'm okay with that
Weird, I've never been to a Christian rally where women were literally corralled off from men
I'm done fuckin my old bitches y'all startin to act weird don't hmp nomore
I'm totally watching that on break
Weird...so it probably wasn't that
"At VMware we love to keep it weird" #VMworld
there are so many! I can't choose only one..
haha yes my luck I alway get stuck with the weird ones
it's so weird! The pictures don't make them look too good
I would have 2 say falling in love was such an awesome memory, but when you fall in love with someone whose not worth it. life's weird.
Ay u can now feen for older ppl without it being socially weird happy 18th ily
(Today's post also features the PENMONKEY'S CREED, a riff on the Rifleman's Creed)
ah ic. still weird tho
I'm weird towards fashion.. #OTWOLReunited JaDine #PushAwardsJaDines
the attendance office always smell so weird
When you realize there's two weird horse girls in your 5th grade class
The Creative Benefits of Being Weird Design School #creativity #webDesign
Yeah, the really weird thing was that I got a standing ovation for it.
I've got you at 10-17-1 (ignored Oregon / Utah game since there was no spread and pick situation was weird)
The year is 2020, the Great Twitter Wars are over. Inspirational Twitter Weird Twitter have joined forces to destroy t
the weird thing is, would all do this
For weird things that happen don't make sense my family says 'It's the #CarbonaroEffect' like it's an acceptable explanation @M_Carbonaro.
A tribute to FF7\'s weird monsters. Meet Hell House, "Dorky Face" and, er, Christopher.
Being in that circle is weird enough
I swear 99% of the time some wild weird shit is coming out of my mouth
"""You\'re weird, but l like you."" - A Bug\'s Life"
Bcs my face is so weird
She pawned her late husband's ring ( prob her g.daughter's) called the police on her for swearing. Odd. Families are weird! #JudgeRinder
Do You Fear Intelligent Robots?: // fixes weird chrome bug with very tall svg embeds $(docu... #Technology
Life is not a competition. Find your own happiness and stay there.
The weird shit comes on TV
to never be happy, probably
it weird her and zayn been offline for the same time
Fearless until she hears a ping, ding or whoosh etc sounds. Yes, the shampooer is running. Weird dog :/
Last night took a weird turn, we got up to 18 or something.
I really hate dreaming weird dreams it kills my vibe!
Weirdness is becoming big business ... via
You know that weird mood when you go through all messages from a certain person? I can't go through that because I can't save messages.
Do You Fear Intelligent Robots?: // fixes weird chrome bug with very tall svg embeds $(document).ready(...
Why are commercials so weird now?
that's weird! I just had the same dream also
Watching a rather weird movie with Katie Holmes in it.. It's good.. But I'm so confused
Got to get rid of the weird reminisce your #tan left behind? Here's how!
iM SO READY FOR THE GET WEIRD ALBUM
Stop calling your sister weird
A tribute to Final Fantasy 7s weird monsters #gaming
21 Of The Most Hilarious Portraits Ever Done By Senior Students!
I've done that. Only like 6 or 7 times tops so I'm not too weird
Isn't it a little weird to have a crush on your own hand???
weird mais merci!
Its so nice seeing guys downgrade bc it makes me feel better about myself. Lol idk im weird. Im sorry... Not really
Rapper #Scarface honored tonight on #MTV #HipHopAwards, in weird twist of fate, is arrested immediately afterward.
this is all that's on my mind whilst I'm there:
Weird feelings -_____- Good night everybody
Requiem for a Vampire wasn't as good as many of Jean Rollin's other films and it lacked the weird of Fascination and coherence of Shivers.
Dream Had Me Weird This Morning
when you smile I like get that weird feeling that makes me happy
Paris got weird. So many birds
is it weird that my man crush is the guy that did Reese's tattoo
Big prob with making schools do this. It is a WEIRD thing to do and breeds fear, as this article demonstrates.
urghhh everything tastes weird
but these cookies tasted weird
why i just can't stop myself from falling straight to sleep\xa8\xa8? haha weird tho
Watch Kanye West Kiss Kanye West, And Other Hilarious Celeb Cartoons Visit>;
#news #weird Watch Kanye West Kiss Kanye West, And Other Hilarious Celeb Cartoons: An u...
Is it weird that I look forward to AP Bio everyday
omg curtis said bagel weird!! he says ba-gull
that's so weird I just had to write a report on the effects over consumption of protein has on the body
that actually sounds pretty cute. People (myself included) are weird about their animals! For the record my cats are amazing.
I just started again recently. There were some weird issues with like alternate versions of Gina with pink hair
Wow, weird dreams. Weird, weird weird.
Coach Scott needs to chill his peanuts because I'm bout damn tired of him standing over my shoulder watching me to my work. It's very weird.
Watch Kanye West Kiss Kanye West, And Other Hilarious Celeb Cartoons: An unpopular theory about Mil... #weirdnews
Call me weird but I really want it to rain soon
I ain't never seen somebody third wheel this fucking hard this shit highkey weird and unacceptable
#Debatable Watch Kanye West Kiss Kanye West, And Other Hilarious Celeb Cartoons #Weird
Watch Kanye West Kiss Kanye West, And Other Hilarious Celeb Cartoons
Happy 6 months! Glad i can laugh and be weird with you I love you!
SS you are so weird I love it
her captions and hashtags are so nice but also weird...
Elena IG I m so homesick just make a weird four eyed Elena sandwich out of me forever #DakotaJohnson h
weird how me lisa n Amanda are close and we're cousins n they ask me awsorts a weird questions naw gads we're related a canny tell u that
A tribute to Final Fantasy 7s weird monsters #crimezonegaming
Is it weird I got a turkey club from WaWa 9:30 in the morning?
What's weird about having a crush is that I also feel the same way about chicken tenders.
Time is a weird concept
Weird horse girl who grows up and goes to college, but is still haunted by her past (Vine by @RenkerM)
Weird how doctors don't seem to have a right not to speak state-compelled anti-abortion messages.
#weird #fun Watch Kanye West Kiss Kanye West, And Other Hilarious Celeb Cartoons #post
It's pretty amazing the weird times people think about you during the day..
I might be weird (duh) but i didn't care for it at all.I wanted to like it...
Watch Kanye West Kiss Kanye West, And Other Hilarious Celeb Cartoons: An unpopular theory about Miley Cyrus t...
So weird going back to OLA
HuffingtonPost - Watch Kanye West Kiss Kanye West, And Other Hilarious Celeb Cartoons: An unpopular theory abo...
People are weird if you text back quick they think you're too much lol like worry when the phones in my hand AND I'm not re
true. sudden realisation that i met you at the start of grade 9 and now i'm about to finish grade 12. weird.
A tribute to Final Fantasy 7s weird monsters: RPG enemy designers really need to step their game up.
She's weird tonight. HAHAHA jk. Lebiuuu
weird: Watch Kanye West Kiss Kanye West, And Other Hilarious Celeb Cartoons: An unpopular theory about Miley C...
The only weird thing is Ben's guilty conscience. Not to mention how he is convincing himself Chad is still guilty. He's BSC.
WIN! 1 of 3 #LiveLounge 2015 CDs featuring @LittleMix, more. Follow to win
Watch Kanye West Kiss Kanye West, And Other Hilarious Celeb Cartoons #news
It's weird being in this class right now
isn't it so weird how the person we like can do the most ugly and gross things ever but we still think they're super f
could be worse!
it's weird that I haven't been in a car in a month
the two guys in my group make me feel so weird
yeah, but I feel weird leaving my door open and strangers coming and going without me here. :/
I don't really have a favorite song.. I like Anubis from a lot, but there are more that i also like
its WEIRD no to wear bra in public #asianthings
is it weird that you remind me of a jason derulo song?
I like people who appreciate my weird personality. #ALDUBStayWithMe
very much morning. The world is weird dude
There is a weird amount of joy in getting up an hour before the rest of your family to have a cup of coffee and read the paper in peace.
all the weird things i find man this is how i know stuff i literally see something weird and then i do research on it
The act of forcing a hard cock inside a mancunt is so weird that it made me wanting it bad. Weird.
Me and Lexi think exactly alike.. Shit is sooo weird. We can finish each other's sentences.
People are so weird.
In this weird state where I want to watch anime, but at the same time, I don't want to watch...
Go Big. Go Weird. Go You. And Fuck Fear Right In The Ear. #terribleminds
oooo so the event was started earlier i thought it was weird that we only had 8 days left
Here's me paying tribute to Final Fantasy VII's weirdest monsters, because why not:
like them la weird pages just be favoriting your tweets .. creepy shi
jesus
I just met somebody who's from the same town as me in Mexico and it's so weird because the towns not even on the map...small world
Life is just weird
Weird Animals Born With Two Heads
I CAN'T STOP WATCHING THE GIRLS PERFORMANCE ON X FACTOR FUCKING AMAZING
This weird, confusing, financially unstable stage between teenager and functioning adult needs to end
whats wrong with my sis she's being weird
I liked a video from VERY WEIRD 8 YEAR OLD TROLLED BY HEROBRINE - PA 2
Yah', he's weird, he's crazy, he's bipolar, he's sooooo annoying but idk why i fvckinq like the way he acts like that.
Retweeted Matina Stevis (@MatinaStevis): I hope y'all have figured out that Eros de Grey is Greek....
We dated for like 2 days, that's weird! You seem chill tho!
It's weird I don;t seem like the worst person in the universe, and yet, i am always utterly alone!! And I do 't get why
still feels weird to know I'm a senior
I hope y'all have figured out that Eros de Grey is Greek. #nationofawesome
haha weird thank you Anthony!
SO weird seeing tweets from this time last year. My life took a complete 180.
I just 2 different weird dreams about saving people 1st was my coz / 2nd was destiny childs
I wanted to watch it but my mom said no cause it's so weird, so I'm gonna have to agree with you on that
that is so weird.pple say i sound male.i been putting the effort to sound female tho. anyways show me preeq,i wee show u no bra brez
Definitely gotta stop eating spicy stuff before bed. My dreams be weird AF every time
Why do I always end up talking to weird people
Someone on the radio just said was old and weird. He may be old but have you seen the republican candidates ? That's weird.
WEIRD , I was just thinking about Colby when I was dropping Tayt off at school
I'm a bit weird though (understatement ha!) I only like summer fruits
What a weird pasttime... Looking at desperate people in a dating app while making fun of them.
Like fr she weird as shit
In a related note, MSU is an Adidas school. Huh. Weird.
Your smile. Your eyes. Your voice. Your lips. Your hair. Your laugh. Your hands. Your jokes. Your weird faces. Your teas
Not weird at all.. I've never been to any part of New England
*Gives him a weird look*
It's a weird feeling but it's just like
People in this class act so weird
Got like 7 men washing my car whilst I'm sitting inside it bit weird
I'm such a weird person.
I always have a weird craving for tacos at 9 am.
SIGE 'WEIRD'
Frequency and radio waves and how it works is really weird to think about
People at my school are weird as fuck bro
Weird shyt !
haha, sorry for all the info then Welcome to the fandom! You chose the "weird" one! Lol, joking, of course. I love TOP
Had a weird dream where I was giving a speech to a bunch of rich people where I told them they all sucked.
+ look like? The tomboy knew it was weird to ask but with how the world was now, there was no technology for \xae@IntrepidGreene\xaf
Being in a foreign country and going for the familiar brands instead of fiending on the weird unfamiliar stuff. Typical murrican.
I would never. That's weird as hell.
#IAMGameCulture weird to think that HLM had a story at the very end. it didn't change anything though, still just played it normally
he look at the people who sees them like seeing something weird and decided just to ignore them. "Ah..." He amazed over the--
Guardian playing Cannon In D.. Is just weird. :/
Holy it's weird not having thanksgiving with my family for the first time
Feelings are so weird
"Leap the fence. Seize that chaos. Whet your own edge. Go weird. Go buckwild.
17% done with A Court of Thorns and, by Sarah J. Maas: Stuck in masks? Hmm..weird.
yesterday was so weird i kept moping and pouting
I just see my ex girl standing with my next girl standing with the girl that I'm fuckin' right now, shit can get weird
I hate that it\'s "weird" if you dress up for spirit week.
this puppy is weird. Shall i kick him away? Lol
#University is a weird but wonderful place!
Church Gives Pizza Driver $1,000 Tip From Collection Plate #TEAMFOLLOWBACK
Church Gives Pizza Driver $1,000 Tip From Collection Plate
Lol couldn\'t agree more" The Game\'s album is so weird.... Its a good weird"
you can kind of see my bra through this shirt i'm wearing but i can't wear anything else under it without it looking weird so \xee\\_()_/\xee
um. i. thank you?? i think that's a bit weird honestly. o oh, nothing much? i'm kinda free atm but gonna be busy soon! how about +
I feel weird telling people what I actually want
yes mate, its so weird, don't you think ?
Its weird to say but im starting to like you
I mean I understand if you want to spread info I guess? But for us our personality literally revolves around it so it's kinda weird to do
Some studies suggest that 70% of our stress , depression is often brought on by simply over-thinking too much.
I don't know how to act in relationships or when I'm asked out I always do weird things
YES??????? YES also people should send weird shit they say to their pets/kids to here:
after you mentioned it, yes the English does sound weird.
Western/northern Maryland is weird as fuck. It's completely different from the rest of MD.
. talks about solar energy and water splitting in this very cool post:
im walking so weird lmao my legs hurt sm SOS
I've been to every state but Vermont. Weird right?
Hello twitter. It's been awhile. Life is weird and I wasn't sure where you fit in all of this. It's not you, it's me. #complicated #extech
I'm weird deal with it
I know it's weird
it's just weird because I took it under the table
It's some ugly weird folks at Fed
Seeing everyone go crazy over chick-Fil-a opening is just weird because I've had it for months now
is it weird if i wear the mortal instruments merch to the fall out boy concert
shinoa's typing style is obnoxious to replicate like. it's easy but it feels so weird to me?
Leila and Blanca before Blathers is kinda weird but I guess they have to save some stuff for series 3
When your brother starts acting weird #nileseyyniles #comedy (Vine by Nileseyy Niles)
I have some weird neighbors
The "too high" guy\'s 911 call is pitiful, but amazing
if you see me at frieze i'm wearing head-to-toe Valentino and it's v weird
lmao why'd he block u, I'm blocked by random people too and idk why it's weird
Weird funny times with
A male with a weird, black bed hair, was hissing slightly in small pain. His one knee is knelt down and the other is raised up
HALP I'M LAUGHING TOO HARD why is your reactions always so amusing or do I just have a weird sense of humour HAHAHA
Yup! Still just a charter airline for now, but weird to see that name kicking around again.
I look really weird and uncomfortable here but he looks amazing as usual so it's all good
i mean DIDN'T SHE ABANDON HIM ALL HIS LIFE also she did promise to make it up with her children but it's so icky and weird
I hate when you can tell someone just got a haircut or new shoes I'm so weird. I hate obvious shit like that lol
If I'm weird around you, that means I'm comfortable with you.
In seriousness, amazing that this is a pore-specific property. Some weird vulval micro-environment? #yoporetoosexy
Weird/bad vibes followed me to the morning, yikes.
Or rather her character??? LIke It's weird I have no problem with.. her herself??? But like as a character in the show??? She bothers me
This is the first time in a week I am wearing proper work clothes (not jeans and a tshirt and a hoodie and my Chucks). It's WEIRD.
And i thought i was a harsh marker IMO wasn't amazing but pretty funny and i NEVER find anything funny. Weird
why are my emotions so weird. why do I keep feeling this way
hmmmmmm weird. Sorry I don't know :/
Some weird ass people be following me on here
I'm sorry I didn't understand what you meant. I went to bed frustrated with myself. Did you mean the questions were weird be...
what a weird feeling for 9:30 in the morning
tbh im grateful to both of these minor(?) celebrities for taking the time to humor a deeply weird and lonely tween girl. it help
7 weird and wonderful facts about the Privy Council:
EXCEPT THIS IS REALLY WEIRD BC HE ONLY ADDED ME BC MY USERNAME WAS "GIANTESS" AT THAT TIME AND THAT\'S HIS FETISH
Yep, for not wanting to participate in a witch-hunt. Weird that you never mention that part... @jarsthemule
I keep waking up at 3 in the morning it's so weird ofjdjdj
pain is when you want to go to concerts but none of your friends like your weird music
Crocodile/Buffalo creature discovered in Thailand (video). Oct 2015 Weird die video:
My stomach keeps making weird noises omfg stop
Wow it's so weird that all my exbestfriends were in an elevator together at the same time
Just go for it. Those that play safe are dull and never go anywhere. I liike weird. #emotionsexpert
u drank weird stuff u hate AGAIN!!!!!
Things just got weird #JebsInternPlant #Fork
THE MOST PERFECT BUBBLE BUTTS YOU WILL EVER SEE (PHOTO GALLERY)
Ended up having some weird dreams about dragons and also a tea party.
i wonder why he's not in my life.... ;-; it doesn't make sense but the only one i'm sure that i'm so weird
AHS better cut out those weird ass rape scenes man.. not one person that watched it fucks with that .
because it's international. Sooooo many American people I wanna buy from, but shipping is mad weird when I get to the cart
stop it guys this is weird
Today I Love My Weird Sense Of Humor
I just took heavy-duty cold meds. It\'s "supposed" to be non-drowsy but sometimes that shit works weird on me.
It feels weird not having my face as my icon
I like people who appreciate my weird personality. KENZO ItsAlwaysYou
That was so weird what the heck
sonheon ????? sounds weird tho or
im sorry im weird
it's all so shady, weird , to be honest, West believing Ukraine govt is naive as well. Like everything, what's the evidence
CALLING ALL WEIRD-OHS! New Flake Flames - Kustom Kulture Film project... *lechz*
I feel so weird i can barely walk straight lol
Actually excessive use of emojis from guys in general is weird to me
indoors its always weird lol
feels weird being in this class since I skipped last Tuesday and was cancelled on Thursday....been forever
call me weird but I'm really craving for soondae soup!!!!
im into weird music -guy who likes tame impala
Use this weird secret involving text messages to get your Ex to come crawling back! >;>;>;
I remember like 4 years ago Justin Bieber was basically a little kid and now we've seen him completely naked and it's just weird
I know. Then I got an erection and it all just got a bit weird...
I like my space. I actually like being alone and I get a little weird when people touch my things.
This feeling is weird
I jolted. And I let out... a weird sound.
Everyone at Hogwarts treated Luna like she was weird as if they didn't go to wizard high school.
weird.......imy more
Bobby ft. IceCream it is weird that I want to be that ice cream - 151013 Bobby @ ICN
it feels weird waking up and not finding myself still on the phone with you
What a weird coincidence. My tweets then this hahahaha. #ALDUBStayWithMe
I look too weird man
why is this old white couple by the new tryna pass out bibles? mad weird like
Found summary of episode..GO read..Don't want watch LOL cause is so weird~
People who put their tree up on Christmas Day are weird
WEIRD? Maybe not. But certainly a little bit odd... #strange #uncanny #lovestory
Didn't appreciate at the time how surreal FFVII is. Because damn, it has some surreal monsters
Hi tired, I'm Toni! (Gosh it still feels weird to say that)
am i a fan of one direction or did i just accidentally stumble into a weird ongoing performance art piece and now can't fi
I used to think that wearing eyeshadow and no mascara was weird here I am doing exactly that
I had a dream that I met a ginger girl, saved her life, then she saved my life I fell in love with her. Now THAT was a weird dream
The Walking Dead, although i really love others.
Ok! This is weird to see. Just popped up and then disappeared. Like 4 million plus unread emails, but nil in folder
Also i had a weird dream something was licking the inside of my mouth and i was all for it?????
I have a weird feeling with my nose right now. It's like I inhaled 200 gallons of water in. #SendHelp
i saw the japanese title of bts' album and i started to laugh idk kayounenka sounds weird
that shit is weird man
I had some weird ass dreams last night
I WAS GOING TO FANA WEIRD COUPLES CRY
Asian porn weird af
hmm weird
friday is gonna be weird without z
Plus it's low key creepy/weird to do that
Today is a weird day, for some reason ppl are talking to me haha had 3 ppl ask me something already and I've just got out the house
yes. Tell the world about our weird chitchat hahaha
I'm actually not THAT ugly. I just have a face that's weird sometimes (most of the time)
Understanding The Weird Anatomy Of An Octopus
Isn't life just weird? Like what if we're all imagining our lives rn? Or what if we're like ants to something bigger tha
24 days until get weird
Weird is Not Normal, but it's COOL!!!! #lol #wiiiiii
After playing UT4, mouse feels weird
I think I'm a weird hipster basic white girl deep down.
The freshman are so weird this year lol
almost 16
i love seeing my name idk if that's weird or not but uh.
Huffinton Post - Watch Kanye West Kiss Kanye West, And Other Hilarious Celeb Cartoons
Watch Kanye West Kiss Kanye West, And Other Hilarious Celeb Cartoons StrangeNews
Haha how weird got up thinking about , love you doe
Watch Kanye West Kiss Kanye West, And Other Hilarious Celeb Cartoons: An unpopular theory about Miley #OBR #news
why will it look weird? I feel like i might look kind of goth
is it weird I'm more excited ha ha X
such a weird mood today
tim allen gets bitten by an ancient dog and turns into said dog the moral of the film is to stop animal testing it's weird
Sewing my cosplay costume while listening to #ShaniaTwain. It's just weird!
The last 20 seconds of The Moment // Tame Impala sounds so weird through headphones
When I study, I like to go to the study rooms in the library so I can talk to myself and not seem weird to others.
People of UF- if you see football players on campus today, be nice, don't ask stupid questions tell them you support them. Don't be weird.
It is incredibly weird seeing this stuff about Angus Deaton getting the economic Nobel, before remembering there's no Y in Deaton. #hignify
When you don't get enough #water, weird things start happening -->; | Bustle
I just liked "WEIRD SIMPSONS VHS" on
It's weird that when I sleep much I get even more tired than when I sleep too little...
Dropped my phone on solid concrete without a case and people gave me weird looks as I danced over it in frustration
Firewatch. Feb 9th, 2016! It still feels so weird that is the publisher jeje
Being alone all day- Hour one: No pants, this is awesome Hour three: boy I sure think some weird thoughts Hour five: I
It has to be a weird feeling for Obama to sleep in a house that was built by slaves.
So I started doing this new thing in the mornings. It's kinda like yoga but idk how to do yoga so it's just me doing these weird stretches
A little bit in love with the slip case version of 'Get Weird'! xx
IT WAS SO WEIRD MY FACE WENT RED I
I had a dream Chris was proposing and that i found out and I knew it was so weird but everyone else was so excited
So weird that the III era has been more or less going on since I started my first proper job as a teacher
ok that's just weird!
I'm not talking about Harry but I think I can agree with you in some, non-weird way.
weird knowing that this time next year I'll be an adult
"I don\'t like fuckin with condoms they weird asf why the sperm just be in there" ppl annoying
Ah, it was because I clicked the direct link from Twitter. Once I opened in browser it was fine. Still weird, looks good tho!!
Boost your pension by \x9c40,000 with this one weird trick Shift of pension saving period gives tax free savings window
4/12: Weird Mental Disorders That Will Leave You Speechless (Boanthropy)
NEW MUSIC FROM THE BLACK WEIRD AL FIXTAPE!
Really weird but cutting grass is actually decent
A boy in my tutor is in a sidemen shirt would it be weird to approach him, I am feeling yes
excuse me, you're the weird one kaya
Its weird but Im excited to be broke and start saving for our house
Just got dismissed 40 minutes early because my professor talked for 10 and said it felt too weird to be back in class. Me too, bro. Me too.
Why is my principle kissing a pig? Three times?? I need to get the fuck out of this weird ass school
Be weird. Be happy. Be grateful. Be positive. Be open minded. LoveLike CHARLHONE CharGo All
Its gone be so weird not going to see my baby today
this pain in my stomach is so weird
The Hidden Stories Behind Weird Post-Production Terms
Two white girls next to me called each other "nigga" and I just felt weird standing there.
I dance like a rapper i just walk weird in place and move my hands
to wear the national costume in sweden you're either 1. Weird or 2. Living way up north
i always thought it was weird when a boy asked me "how did you sleep" but now im like aww he care
PSA: Directional Inputs are weird in this game
I'll check out that video but there is no way it's as weird as that!
YOOO listen to this with headphones ya ears will feel weird
I hate how Evian has a distinct weird taste
Is it weird that I'm watching The Last Airbender
A weird thing happened yesterday, my dad forgot to pick me up to go to the airport ?\xa8
Skype me, I tried to call you on there it was acting weird
Bananas are so freaking weird.
okay, so days are #NoBraDay kinda weird !! everyone is not going for, huh
lol at me and because we're in some weird ass situations!
What do men talk about when there are no women around? Woman, weird stuff, jokes, pranks, shitloads(?)
my eyes are weird today so i covered it using jimin's face, my hair is also a mess. sorry #ARMYSelcaDay w/ bae htt
I've been sectioned twice whilst living in Birmingham. Listening to the brum accent does this to decent people.
I've woken up late 3 work days in a row, but always at the same exact time. Weird.
like flavor-wise? Or do they have the normal flavors that just taste weird
#ILoveYouAboutAsMuchAs Weird Texts From My Daughter 10/2 22
my icons are going off screen. It's really weird.
weird... i think if you were to put a shirt on it and iron it, it would be ok
When you're actually on time for class and it feels weird af
If I don\'t participate in "no bra day," because it\'s uncomfortable and weird, does that make me un-feminist?
The internet broadband guy has this amazing whatsapp status. #funnystatus #creepy #weird #whatsapp
I think if I were to grow up to be a weird cat lady I'd be pretty okay with that too.
It's so weird when fans get the same tattoo their fave has...
Like face shape and all...it's weird
Boys move weird.
This little freshmen is so weird he stay staring at me its so awkward
Be weird. Be happy. Be grateful. Be positive. Be open minded. LoveLike CHARLHONE Cha
cemeteries are weird, you are literally walking upon buried bodies
Weird, most of the ones I've seen are not male and usually want females. :I
That conversation was so fucking weird now that I look back at it
Now Hef walking around in a robe is just going to seem weird.
(2/2) ...You know the book that sings to you when you\'re not expecting it." --@ChuckWendig, #thebookthatsingstoyou
Go check out that edit too if your bored! Good single fin surfing and weird music
Thank you everyone for sacrificing your childhoods to hangout with my weird ass!
#MH17 Weird Texts From My Daughter 10/2
yeah, but the positioning is so weird in comparison to the others
I've been so focused on running and cutting off minutes on that time. It'll be weird to change and look at other numbers.
James Haskell finds something to toast but flanker admits it hasn't felt like ...
dreams are weird
ako i can pa hahahaha weird is someone sabotaging the group haha
There's some sort of dragon quest game coming and the commercial is weird, all the fight and running noises, but no music, just quiet.
This bus ride this morning has been too weird....
carter's snaps are so weird lmao
#GiveTwitterASlogan Weird Texts From My Daughter JG 9c
latex and ladies twins
Only work 3 days this week which is weird since I usually work everyday
You know what's weird? When you fall asleep in a waiting room and wake up to find someone staring at you
my cardigan is stained with chocolate cake and i'm receiving all kinds of weird looks from people
i keep having weird ass nightmares like i turned into a fish today man
getting slagged to death fae Paul for putting mayo on both sides of my bagel, how's that weird?!
Weird feelings rising
#Weird # Horror Weird Horror Recommendations: Collections and chapbooks. #Blog Enjoy! And purchase some books!
#NoBraDay Weird Texts From My Daughter JG
Drinking OJ threw a straw is weird
I feel weird being in a relationship cause its been so long !
I'm fucking weird but idc
By amazing I mean informative. It's real life photoshopped.
Hopefully, start a trend that makes the weird looks, or some of the weird looks at the gym stop! lol
Never mind fullstops are kind of weird
i had so many weird ass dreams
I wish the SCUBA diving scholarship was around in 1975.
Neymar and I\'m like "okay if I make it me and Neymar will have a kid" and I made it and I was like oh cool but the weird thing
People were just weird before they got fucked
This guy stole me tweet about GMB word for word 6 mins after I posted it, seen through the BBC hashtag. #weird
i am becoming weird!
lol wearing shorts with your tights doesnt make it any less weird, also, referring to dudes working out indoors
When your life is on the line charle forget about weird
forgot earrings and now I feel so weird
Being an equal mixture of incredibly happy and unreal scared is a weird feeling.
Is it weird i want a roast dinner on a tuesday?..oh well sod it im having one anyway #roastdinner #boringfoodtweet #excitinglife
It was totally weird. I hope you're feeling alright.
Playboy: now exclusively featuring weird Jeremy Renner profiles
Have you seen anything weird lately? Always
it'd raise something
Ashanti was original thick. Thick before thick got weird thick.
It's just weird how everything changes so quickly and without notice.
ppl can be weird! A user seems to be rt'ing eruri hate w/o the context so I wanted to trick them into denying their own agenda.
today I wish I could've worn like my tennis shoes just a tshirt but when you curl your hair and do your makeup it would be little weird
That's weird af. But whatever.
I saw the makeup and it looks weird atleast do like a natural look
#nobraday : weird hashtag : ppl being told not to sexualize it : how about this : create a hashtag #breastcancerawarenes
I've moved from normal dreams in my childhood, nightmares for the past two years to really weird shit now
it seems weird to Retweet a headline such as this. #amiweird
Jesus I have some weird dreams!
wait what? how did chanyeol even bite yours? thats um-weird?
It almost makes me feel weird that I pay for everything my self, it's like I'm ten years older than I actually am
weird huh, you expect me to CLEAN THE HOUSE till glossily shine but there no food at home and not even a single cents from you.
Trying to figure out Twitter and I'm noticing an odd growth on my shoulder. #Weird
ehh mane ade weird!!! When im really sick then baru take mc sey
is it weird to be asked for a threesome by the current boyfriend of your ex girlfriend?
jlo_utoh thank you for being funny crazy weird handsome I luv you for
lets get weird.
Isn't it weird that I'm talking to myself in here? Lol
I just can't, it's weird. I've been brutally, painfully exhausted, and having trouble comprehending, but until I put the book down...
It must be weird to be famous like Raffi and have to sign little kids tits after all your shows.
Thank you, Go Big, Go Weird, Go You, And Fuck Fear Right In The Ear:
it'll be alright
"It\'s weird when you see something that you have never seen about someone you love. It\'s like finding a gem. You don\'t want it to end."-Lana
. Weird... You would think the Americans would have been helping Iraq. I guess that was a lie...
Be weird. Be happy. Be grateful. Be positive. Be open minded. LoveLike CHARLHONE Char
Please be as weird as me
It's weird not getting a good morning text from you. But I broke up with you and I still cried a little. I don't want you mad at me..
Also butterbeer tastes like caramel fizz it's kinda weird but BUTTERBEER ICE CREAM IS GREAT
I CAN BE: weird silly serious quiet outgoing wild sweet funny kind dramatic sarcastic creative romantic bu
"College people are weird"..... No. You\'re weird.
It'll be picked up if there's a new season, this S8, idk if final season, but they'll not struggle for a new 1, that'd be weird!
Like I was thinking about what I want to dream about but I was dreaming about it? Weird
Is it weird to be craving fried chicken Mac n cheese @ like 9am?
Weird MC, Saheed Osupa,Jaywon, Malaika Others to Perform at Premiere/Launching of Kunle Adegbite's Movie 'Star Boy
Is it weird that I'm excited for Kettlecise tonight?
- Woke Up Feeling Weird As Hell
"If I dont have music on, I get this weird kind of anxiety. I dont like to be home alone without something playing - Zac
There would be some kind of weird logic to it all though.
Weird how some people who are considered "open-minded" come down so hard on people for expressing their opinion because
We all know a weird ass named Jeff
i find it so awkward whenever the ppl i used to be close with, suddenly talk to me..like.... is so weird man
Here's Noel having a right old time with his weird sculpture made of balls #PeopleLookingAtArt
hi heyy hii lol heeey love you meowyy I'm weird too. No don't go!!
we are awesomely weird
Weird that armed military are not required in other developed nations for kids to go
Why did a Utica, Michigan number just call my phone, what weird vortex am I trapped in this morning
That's weird, in the post it says the september update is needed to run Basra but I'm running it with out it lol?
Is it weird to wanna pick the name of the person u wanna date?
pretty much yeah
That's every women life goal.
dear people who are giving me weird looks, just bec u didn't wear camo doesn't mean I'm crazy for being an actual bush
Your smile. Your eyes. Your voice. Your lips. Your hair. Your laugh. Your hands. Your humor. Your weird faces. Your teasi
So yeah, even in my dreams, anxiety haunts me. And I know it was a weird dream so sorry if it doesn't make sense.
And by weird, I mean different weird and not the usual weird.
It's weird. Whenever I'm nervous I tend to convince myself I'm cold.
Damp, dark, rainy morning....and I LOVE IT! Consider me weird but these are the BEST kind of days! #peacefulrain
feels so weird when she's not here
every time i look beside the piano i dont see jeannie sitting there. feels weird :( and its gonna be a long time till i see her again
I mean sometimes people do shit with food when they have sex and that's not sexual it's just weird as shit
my childhood favourite Sunday breakfast was rice cakes + margarine. I was weird
number 2 is weird
MiSciWriters What role might #water in our #energy future? Jimmy Brancho tells us today: #alternativeenergy #so
shramdas .gammaStretch talks about solar energy and water splitting in this very cool post:
So weird I'm like one of the only girls who's never had their insta pics mysteriously deleted...hmmm
I mean is weird and must have been difficult
Well that was weird..
We're in a weird time when it is considered rude to say that a guy who isn't running for president isn't running for president.
We are all pretty weird.. some people are just better at hiding it
Had to remove the video and reupload it cause i forgot to cut the weird part out haha
The really weird shit is when your "friends" let you do some weak ass shit but if somebody else did it they would have something to say
"Ordinary is never beautiful. To be beautiful, thy must be weird, different and strange."
That's weird, because most biblical women covered their heads.
Companies need to stop using that weird snapchat logo for their profile pictures.. Especially large networks. It looks amateurish.
Watching anime with my mom: "it\'s weird how their eyes keep going like that," she says, "like they\'re being possessed by body snatchers."
cellulite stop! Truth About Cellulite: See these weird tips to help you get rid of cellulite in our cellulite ...
Sometimes reflections can be scary, awkward, or downright WEIRD!
WINC Podcast: Russo On How To Save Roman Reigns, Kurt Angle - Rusev, New Day, Weird Booking, More: WINC Podcas...
[ ] "Hmph!" Crossing her arms on chest. "Buy me meat first and I will not call you weird nick."
I think about what fictional characters would be like in bed a LOT. How giving are they? Kinky? Fun? Weird? Cuddly? I need to
Feels weird to pack my bags and travel again, I hope I can integrate back into normal society after the zooks #BrooksWasHere
'Dont not make something because you dont have any flipping sesame oil' PREACH
Be weird. Be happy. Be grateful. Be positive. Be open minded. LoveLike CHARLHONE CharGo AllTheWay
A social invitation to a "eat cheeses" . . . what sane person could refuse?!
I wake up at weird times man
my eyes are weird today so i covered it using jimin's face, my hair is also a mess. sorry #ARMYSelcaDay w/ bae
1/2 Saw Shyamalan's latest movie THE VISIT. It pokes in between horror laugh. Not evil spirits, zombies, monsters no
yeah that's weird lol
lmao would it be weird to look that up ??
COMES BACK TONIGHT!!!! #SoReady
Weird War Tales (1971 DC) #93 VG/FN 5.0
same....bruh let me know if you come to LSU we're like sisters...lol ok i'm done being weird
I'd be curious what you think about the stats issue. Other issues aside, there's a weird cross-validation argument going on.
Weird dream, I had.
it's so bad it will probably be a huge success. The gym crowd are weird.
We bash advancement but then in the same breath say we don't have anything. Weird.
YOURE GVING ME WEIRD FEELINHS
Man I hate weird people straight suckas
But I'm the weird one for wanting an education.
It weird how this song cranks
Happy birthday to the most weird and random person I know. Hope this day brings you tons of blessing @Crystal_Clea
Wow, never realized I did this. Definitely seem weird to go clockwise.
I get weird at night time
ICYMI: My Top 5 Weird Movies of Fantastic Fest 2015!
So weird. And not sure why Noah is so against her working for them. But who would want to hang around that couple anyway?
I forgot my dream but I think it was a weird dream
I mean is that not a little bit weird? Feel highly uncomfortable with having to do that just to buy Microsoft Office!
Am I the only one here that has weird mannerisms?
don't fancy french fries, hamburgers, coke or pizzas. Don't hate 'em, just don't fancy them. Stop giving me that weird look, I'm normal.
Weird. I was looking up just earlier today. Planning to visit next time I'm in London.
Field Music: Its weird how festival hangovers tend to hit me two days later, not the morning after.\xff Anyone ...
I'm weird af, just accept it
Is it weird that I want a cheeseburger for breakfast?
the weird thing is that I'm pretty sure my period will start the day that Sounds Good Feels Good comes out
goddessofidiocy: me looking back on my life in seventy years: man i have read some weird fanfiction
this shirt smells so weird and I need to know why
Mom: Wet-nursing may be werid, but it's not wrong #breastfeeding #attachmentparenting
I still think its really weird when family members use pictures of their children or grandchildren as their profile picture.. I dont get it.
lowkey be doin some weird shit while I talk to my girl otp
at least superhero comics arent filled with weird entertainment-martyrs who die at 40
#nobraday : weird hashtag : ppl being told not to sexualize it : how about this : create a hashtag #breastcancerawarenessday : Much better
i know! this is weird esp since lots of people get their sports news from @twitter
She is way too weird -_-
It's so weird, but I just feel like I have this special connection with Danny Trejo. I feel like he's one of my close friends.
Yall Weird
These bitches is weird
you know when I go to your account, I'm just happy, I know it's weird.
nico, to whom should i change? this is weird.
I was actually gonna say that the video to 'I'm Alive' is really weird but the 12 year old thing blows that outta the park!
So many weird ass people at HCC
it's really weird to tweet from a computer .. lmao
On a road trip, indulgence of kids Star Wars obsession had us hearing Weird Als "Yoda," leading to "Girls Just Wanna Have Lunch"
I feel so weird not being attached to @hannahnasser_'s hip anymore :'(
Weird, I don\'t see to "try to take over the world" on the list ;)
These pain meds kept me up throughout the night with weird as hell dreams ... This is going to be a long 11-7.
This LEGO Sniper Rifle Can Actually Kill You? #weird
Today started off weird af.
Turbulence Training: Fench-canadian researchers discover a weird trick to boost your fat loss by 450%
I actually find a weird laugh cool haha, if a girl has an interesting laugh I think it's kinda attractive ngl
WTF...Weird vid for weird people here...SEX. LiveLeak
WHEN YOU SEE IT, YOU WILL SAY WOW!
Dude I've never seen u on my TL not struggling with some weird chicks, srsly what the fuck @Cizzlak
Was worried this was a quote from my review until the weird swerve at the end there.
I never wake up before 6:30 this feels really weird lol
I have approximately 10 photos of myself including older prints and even less of others. Don't believe in keeping them, bit weird like that
My best friends are crazy, freak, weird, annoying, but forget it all, I love them anyways.
it really looks like him to me lol but that would be weird for her brother to be all on her like that.
it's nottt??? I think it looks rather weird bc But thanks anyways!!!
neighbours were giving me some weird looks
why do weird strangers think Quiz Up is a good place to try and flirt with me???
Im weird when Im with my friends
my laugh is kinda weird tho
horrid accent
plus isn't it weird to took the spray and her book damnn what a thief ?!!! Honestly I am pissed of from her
Weird Vision's World: Catch up with Broken People series for free! #amreading #
That weird moment when you get to the end of your new book and feel like already missing your characters... #lovewriting #books #writerslife
the white helmet looks weird but I like it
And my friends asked why I'm wearing a bra in school in the hallways and what class I'm in is special ed and this was ap weird crazy dream
What's very weird is how somebody is all up on my page reading tweets and assuming they are about her... Then reacting... Sheesh
Idc. Im Attracted To The Weird Goofy Girls
Then said to him he needs to step up his game and she wants to buy us a house. This is so weird to me...
Feel very weird sat waiting for my mum
the material is probably still too weird to have reached mainstream ears, but...it feels like it could have fit into zeitgeist of that era
it's just a major move in a weird direction, especially if sports media is looking to thrive in the 21st century
So weird...
Sttt i'm still miss my bae.... So weird. I'm going crazy on youx_x
its weird how excited i am for halloween when last year i hated it so much
So weird!! Ironing Keane, Evie and our little munchkins clothes
Booking a one way ticket is weird
LEAN, that's the secret.. And maybe some Japanese weird spirits enhance
Lol it's weird being the one getting played
hahahaha i know you're a strong girl..if you rasa weird ke apa pergi check up tau..
I can choose to not associate with you because of the people you associate with. Nothing personal.
I be havin these weird ass dreams when I'm sleep... this shit is crazy #splash
This day is v weird
It felt kinda weird sleeping by myself lastnight
YES BUT WHY DID TAE HAVE THAT WEIRD ASS MOUSTACHEISH THINGY THAT LOOKED LIKE WASABI TO ME
Strange Designs: 5 Weird Ways Tattoos Affect Your Health via @LiveScience
The one with the weird balls in it?
Im in a band , we do weird shit sometimes.
I'm weird I'll ignore someone who want me for someone I want not knowing if they want me or not
Hi Espen, our support team has been notified. The most common fix is to remove and reinstall the app. Weird as it sounds :)
Weird People at Walmart #wtf #usa
omg stop being weird
this song is on a cosmic playlist along with i wanna dance with somebody (and a few others) and shows up at weird moments lately
This slumberland wax was weird. I put it in my warmer but it didnt start to throw for like 15 minutes. But now its great.
There's so many boys about my age that look about 8 years old and it's fuckin weird. Get some testosterone ha. At least they're #ballers tho
then tmrw go to clinic lah! Hahahaha you're weird
I just see my ex girl standing with my next girl standing with the girl that I'm fuckin' right now, shit can get weird, unless they all down
Not in weird places- if that is what you're thinking. [He chuckles at and hoist her up right] On my arm, chest, wrist \\
Like all of my dreams lately have been about dunkin donuts or the legacy and they're so weird
Stripping clothes off makes me hungry... Weird.
All these weird preppy kids scare me sometimes
How weird is it that I'm only awake because I have crippling anxiety and I stumble upon this which fits me perfectly
It's weird every girl I betted on being pregnant ,hopeless for love, or just ain't shit really had a baby can't keep a nigga and ain't shit
WaPo's Ignatius: Obama's Weird 'I Told You So' About His Own Failed Syria Policy (Sent from CNR)
she lowkey remind me of my weird self
I'm up! Two days till the #FilingDeadline. A bunch of my managers are out at a client today. It's gonna be a #weird one, I think. Let's go!
Weird Vision's World: How to get hold of ARCs and free review copies of my books #amreading
which is weird haven't gotten a tweet other than him being happy about tejada since the playoffs started?
Delivering in mt pleasant all day. Weird being in wayside when it's empty
Remember the Ladybird books? They've changed a bit
So...THAT Happened
So weird seeing Cheryl Cole accepting me on Instagram cause she's private wtf
I'm just a normal Individual with a Weird Mind and Genuine Mindset with a Blunt tongue
ambient electronic intros that lead into some weird deep house
I know I know..... I be trying but my body act weird... Ima talk to Mary and that will knock me rite out
Your imagination is a very powerful thing don't waste it.... #death #life #weird #fuckit #LifeisShort
Weird Vision's World: Catch up with Broken People series for free! #amreading #free #scifi
