President Obama is currently listening to She's Kinda Hot by 5 Seconds of Summer
This is the mentality (or lack there of) that we are dealing with! NOTICE the Obama sign in the yard!
What a JERK! Obama Celebrates Columbus Day: Ushered in Disease, Devastation Violence #tcot
Drakes Back To Back Diss Track Got HIGHlariously Remade With President Obama Roasting Donald
"Obama" ethers using \'s "Back to Back"
_mcneil our money's funny, and our credit won't get it. PLZ SIGN.
0P: President Obama had some advice for Kanye West. Coolest man in America.
President Obama got time for Michelle, so you niggas ain't that busy.
Michelle Obama adiciona Confident em playlist do Day of the Girl
Obama: Criticism of Hillary Clinton\'s private email "ginned up" because of politics
President Obama is currently listening to Riptide by Vance Joy
Obama urges supporters to stay engaged, says he will too.. Related Articles:
Don't let VAPING take your virginity.
Steve Kroft asks Obama a series of Qs on Putin. He responds: "My definition of leadership is leading on climate change." Sp
_AmAmerica: I made a lot of people mad with my last comment.I don't care about people feelings or emotions.I'm not poltical correct, s
Calling Obama a "weakling," Chris Christie says he would shoot down Russian planes over Syria
. , , and I turned the into a sports talk show on Friday.
Michelle Obama Made A Girl Power Playlist And It's Incredible
Saturday, President Obama urged supporters to "stay engaged." He then announced he will be golfing in San Diego on Sun
SURPRISE, SUPRISE! Obama Officials Confirm Sandy Hook Was False Flag and No Children Died
President Obama is currently listening to Drag Me Down by One Direction
Back on strawberry cough, need to concentrate - Obama was ruining me
Obama talks to novelist Marilynne Robinson. Someday we will look back and think how truly remarkable he is.
the 10% disapproved identified themselves as Christian. These Syrians r going 2 make up obama's new army
Michelle Obama Made A Girl Power Playlist And Its Incredible
300: SHAME the Elderly Disabled VETS WON'T Receive Cost of Living Raise while Congress/Senate LAWLESS Obama Continue WASTING Ta
OBAMA'S talkin' to me He Tells me HOW to LIVE But I don't listen to him 'Cause his head is like a SIEVE! #ISIS #NSA #IRS #DOJ #EPA #LNYHBT
President Obama is currently listening to Bad Romance by Lady Gaga
. , I are calling on Obama admin to not lift sanctions until #Iran releases US hostages
Obama's DOJ to Make Terrifying Move on Oct 30, 2015... We Are in DANGER
Great idea! : Calling Obama a weakling, Chris Christie says he would shoot down Russian planes over Syria.
says the liar in chief! via
Obama: Increased US Military Presence in Mideast Could Be Shameful Mistake YES! AND LAST 14yrs WA
President Obama was terrible on @60Minutes tonight. He said CLIMATE CHANGE is the most important thing, not all of the
2016: I'm that evil CONSERVATIVE Obama warned you about Feeling Naughty? Click here #NTB
3 million more children in poverty under Obama. Source: 2015 "KIDS COUNT" report - Annie E. Casey Foundation
@__Senz: : If Obama dropped Back to Back
Because I stan for Michelle Obama we need to remind the timeline of her greatness.
WaPo has more resources investigating the Nixon administration than it has investigating the Obama administration.
71: Why won't weakling Obama start a war with a nuclear armed power? What a loser:
Why Ask? Obama Will Surrender All to China: China asks world to impose 'code of conduct' on Internet via
. ' latest playlist features , and song from :
He'll do many things better than Obama! #Trump2016 #MakeAmerciaGreatAgain
0MEDY: President Obama had some advice for Kanye West. Coolest man in America.
When Obama plays golf on the golf course you live on!
"OBAMA IS FROM HERE"... funniest thing I\'ve seen all day.
Obama Says Republicans Are Off The Deep End. Meanwhile, Here's What His Pastor Says. | Daily Wire
so in other words if someone by the name of Barack Obama came to you for a job you would not hire him solely based on his name?
President Obama is currently listening to Post To Be by Omarion ft. Chris Brown Jhene Aiko
So when are the presidential canidates going to address the excessive force used by police? Where's Obama now? #TamirRice #ColumbusDay
This back to back remix of the fake Obama about Donald trump
_AmAmerica: I love how President Obama is talking about gun control,while the neighborhood he worked in,in Chicago is a war zone
Sheriff Clarke: If Obama Wants to Disarm People, He Should Start with His Security Staff
In 60 Minutes Interview, Obama Muddles Facts on Ukraine
Obama Asks to Meet With Oregon Shooting Hero Gets a NASTY Surprise Instead via _
BHO has declared Putin\'s not challenging his "authority".
Pres.Obama tells @60Minutes Putin will do anything to prop up Syrian leader Assad even if hurts Russian economy #SpecialReport
66: Obamas aunt mooching off us Watch this. Factchecked by google Sad press doesn't give a fk
President Obama touts work on climate change and deal with Iran as his 'definition of leadership' on '60 minutes'
Obama Bans Pork: Who Knew There Were So Many Muslims in Prison? via _st
President Obama talking about Kanye running for president
Cuba and U.S. discuss impact of recent changes made by Obama
I see a career in comedy in obama's future post-potus. am I right or am I right?
Obama Asks to Meet With Oregon Shooting Hero Gets a NASTY Surprise Instead
Black Trump Supporter Goes Off at Rally: #Obama Has Failed Us. Were Taking Back America
A Likely Debate Highlight: Democrats Distance From Obama
001: : Obama On Trump: 'I Don't Think He'll End Up Being President'.
Pres Obama has launched "The Campaign to Cut Waste." First he\'ll look at the military, and then he\'ll look at the mili
Obama Celebrates Columbus Day: Ushered in Disease, Devastation, and Violence #feedly
Bob Fitzgerald said that he is not on the list of invitees to the White House for the Warriors title trip. Obama must hav
"Iran test firing ICBMs capable of delivering nuclear weapons does not violate the nuclear deal."- #Obama admin. WOW ht
me: who are you voting for for president? my mom: Obama who else? me: oh my god *laughs hysterically*
@_Cstro_: Rt for Obama Fav for Keemstar
America will never embrace gun control until Obama leaves office.
TOP TEN OBAMA FAILURES #OBAMA #OBAMAFAIL
Right wing: -How dare Obama disrespect Israel by not taking orders from Netanyahu? -Holocaust victims are responsible for w
"The Obama deal may end up as the biggest diplomatic scam in recent history." #IranDeal 4 explains:
Black man outside of Trump rally: I voted for Obama twice and he broke my heart.
now we have a show.......Watch: The Mainstream Media Finally Called Out Obama, And He Did NOT Like It
PRESIDENT OBAMA HAD SOME ADVICE FOR KANYE WEST. COOLEST MAN IN AMERICA
Barack Obama's advice to Kanye West about running for President.
Obama has some advice for Kanye West and his presidential run.. Related Articles:
Interview with Steve Kroft, not Jay Z | Watch: The Mainstream Media Finally Called Out Obama, And He Did NOT Like It
_iBall24: . Obama - Back to Back
Pres. Obama is so dope if you don't think so....wellllll who gives a fuck what you think
143: Obama's Pal Weather Underground Terrorist Bill Ayers! #clockboy #clockbomb
15 more months of this left. #Obama #awful via
honestly same obama
Drakes Back To Back Diss Track Got HIGHlariously Remade With President Obama Roasting Donald Trump #Celebrities
The NRAs Desperation Grows As Obama Is Winning the PR War on Gun Laws via
Barack Obama: "I have Muslim members of my family. I have lived in Muslim countries." #family
Trump won't be next president: Obama
#Obama : Yes I Would Win If I Ran For President Again!
One positive of the Obama era: A helluva lot more Americans own guns.
Barack Obama singing Problem but Ariana Grande
two champions of world peace Obama Poroshenko Jointly Awarded Nobel Peace Prize SYRIA YEMEN #Assad
What the Christ was that Steve Kroft interview with Obama? It was about 10 minutes in before Kroft *asked a question*. Journalism, 2015.
Infowars--&gt; Obama Drops 50 Tons of Ammo to Jihadists Fighting Russia and Syrian Army
"Iran test firing ICBMs capable of delivering nuclear weapons does not violate the nuclear deal."- #Obama admin. WOW
Border Patrol Agents Told to Consider Gender Identity of Illegal Aliens Why?
Listen to Michelle Obamas girl-power Spotify playlist
Proven Anti-white,scared of his masterPUTIN Obama,attacks strong TRUMP for his since 2013 coached fellow useless smooth talker Ben Carson
THANK YOU MR. PRESIDENT!! Obama defends Clinton over private email server
# # # # #_ # #xii3jj23jxijx Michelle Obama Made A Girl Power Play
Drakes Back To Back Diss Track Got HIGHlariously Remade With President O ... - #GistToday
As President Obama calls for stricter gun control, reports many residents of Oregon want to have a gun.
Obama: The most religious are also often "suspicious of those not like them"
President Obama is currently listening to New Americana by Halsey
Ted Cruz on Obamas Release of Violent Alien Criminals: If I Am Elected President, That Will End #feedly
Obama runs in \'08 and he\'s "too inexperienced, a junior senator" Carson runs and he\'s "a smart, respected voice amongst conservatives"
Expecting President Obama at at any time #NBC7 #POTUS
The Fears of Our Nation: President Obama Interviews Marilynne Robinson #quotes
OBAMA GIRLS DONT OPEN THIS
MarketWatch: Obama has some words of wisdom for Kanye West about running for president
Funny, you Obama supporters were all for "armed insurrection" before.
Where will Obama play his post-Presidency golf? Let the speculation begin.
Pres Obama, fighting our #1 enemy, Climate Change, has ordered the storm approaching the east coast to deconflict.
Barack Obama Marilynne Robinson in conversation;
Obama back to back
Still better aim than Obama.
How am I only learning about this now! He wins the internet! President Barack Obama - Drop It Like It's Hot SPOOF
President Obama is currently listening to What Do You Mean by Justin Bieber
President Obama is currently listening to Hit The Quan by iHeart Memphis
In his fight against our #1 enemy, Climate Change, Pres Obama drew a red line on the weather map, but the storm went r
And holding US gov't positions via MB CAIR Obama appointed operatives @10thAmendment
@20committee: So Obama's gonna back Hillary's BS #EmailGate excuses. Much popcorn will be needed. Team Clinton must really have the good
As Putin Gains Power in Middle East, Obama Touts "Leadership" on Climate Change
President Obama is currently listening to Earned It by The Weeknd
President Obama interviews author Marilynne Robinson: FILE In this Oct. 8, 2015, file photo, President Barac...
VIDEO=&gt; Black Supporter Goes Off at Trump Rally: Obama Has Failed Us. Were Taking Back America via
Putin Mocks #Obama For Massive Syrian Arms Drop: Should Have Given Me The $500 Million #tcot ht
_akporo: Kanye West Blesses Barack Obama With Two Pairs of His Yeezy Trainers After US President's Advice &gt;&gt;&gt;
And they shouldn't considering how the Obama surge in gun ownership has caused a plunge in the murder rate.
Hey what else do we expect from Obama and the gang. It's all so twisted anymore. Change in January 2017 coming.
_VW: When someone complains that youre bashing Obama Just show them this Love-Fest for Bush from Left
Hey president Obama can you vote for please ?
_oslo: This is not a joke, but an actual saying, just change Turkish pm with Obama and see the senselessness #TurkeyAttack htt
The time Obama was the one asking the questions
In interviewer/interviewiee match-up of the century, Marilynne Robinson interviews Pres Obama for :
FROM EW: Michelle Obama's New Playlist Is All About Empowering Women
At Latino leader event, Obama vows to fight for immigration reform (sadly, little he can do now)
Obama Bans All Pork From Prison Menus #tcot #pork #gop #lnyhbt
President Obama is currently listening to The Hills by The Weeknd
New post: Another failed Obama foreign policy disaster costs US tax payers $500 million
#BreakingNews FROM EW: Michelle Obama's New Playlist Is All About Empowering Women
Obama does not lead from anywhere. He is absolutely useless waste of skin and international joke. #Unite
And so we had this idea, why dont I just have a conversation with somebody I really like and see how it turns out?
Obama is so cute and funny definitely best friend material
. What kind of bounce in the polls can Christie expect from saying he'll shoot down Russian planes?
#NYT: First Draft: Calling Obama a Weakling, Chris Christie Says He Would Shoot Down Russian Pl... #p
Obama:Trump will not 'end up being president' soc_src=mediacontentstory soc_trk=tw Will ANYONE wind up being POTUS?
The Biggest Protest This Country Has Seen In Years Quarter Million Germans Protest Obama Free Trade Deal
Recent poll says only 25% (basically far-left lunatics) would vote for Obama again
President Obama is currently listening to Worth It by Fifth Harmony
Drakes Back To Back Diss Track Got HIGHlariously Remade With President Obama Roasting
Christie quite literally claims that he would start WWIII over Syria: What is wrong w/ these people?
How many "Pinocchios" will these Obama\'s statements get? Actually the chart only has five these more than that.
President Obama is currently listening to Bang Bang by Jessie J ft. Ariana Grande and Nicki Minaj
Barack Obama - Can't feel my face
999 our money's funny, and our credit won't get it. PLZ SIGN.
Obama's 60 Minutes interview says a lot about how he defines leadership
_m26: I\'m logging off Twitter "Obama- Back to Back freestyle"
Has Obama Come To His Senses? Obama Shows Strength By Recognizing The Failure Of The Neoconservative Policy
GEE, AGENDAS SORIS OBAMA CLINTON Obama Committed Treason?
And Yet, People Still Wonder Why We Question Obamas Loyalty To The United States of America. by _NGC
The government sends THOSE people a new Obama flip phone! Why? Because #BlackLivesMatter
300 Obama is a skilld successful enemy agent
President Obama is currently listening to American Idiot by Green Day
President Obama is currently listening to Photograph by Ed Sheeran
In honor of #DayOfTheGirl, the First Lady spoke with about the power of girls education: #Le
President Barack Obama says Clinton 'made a mistake with private server:
U must understand! 4 us to be Right by our own Laws, there has to be ate up with the dumbass Liberals! Hillary,Pelosi,Obama,Sharpton,Jessie!
4USA Democrats will vote for free stuff not a better life.But they won't get anything but poorer. Wake up Obama followers wht changed
I liked a video The Real Reason Obama went to Alaska
Obama has no chill
Obama Explains His Syria Failure on 60 Minutes -
nytimes: Calling Obama a "weakling," Chris Christie says he would shoot down Russian planes over Syria
#Obama has failed all Americans and all of our allies abroad!
President Obama is currently listening to Bitch Better Have My Money by Rihanna
'Obama' schooled Trump in back to back lol
Franklin Graham says Obama influenced by Islam, all his policies are 'against Christ'
Obama: My Idea Of World Leadership Is Fighting Climate Change - Breitbart Meanwhile the Western world is overrun.
FLOTSAM JETSAM Biden and Obama Have done MORE DAMAGE to the USA Than Mr. OSAMA ! #Benghazi #IRS #NSA #DOJ #EPA #TCOT #LNYHBT #CCOT
Obama ends up asking questions during sit-down with novelist. His inquiry about Christianity is grabbing attention:
@2ANow: While You Were Sleeping Obama Renamed Mt McKinley To Denali
Obama Won\'t Back Down After Chinese Threat, Sends Warships To China Islands In "Matter Of Days"
Lie of the Year: Obama: 'If you like your health care plan, you can keep it'
_razor: Guy who said you can keep your doctor claims national security not risked by insecure server stored in a bathroom.
California: Obama Job Approval - Approve 60%, Disapprove 33% (The Field Poll 9/17-10/4)
Obama justifies our actions in Middle East-a lesser man would be pushed into another 200,000 troops just to be macho
They say I was the next one up in Obamas nation Kanye flips Power in front of . Check it:
Obama probably the coolest/ funniest president we ever had
3: Obama is complicit in crimes committed by illegals simply by allowing them in. Is he is too big to go to prison? I won
. Fires Back After Obama Says He Won't Win in 2016
President Obama's lukewarm defense of Hillary Clinton on the e-mail controversy #hillarytapes
Now the Obama back to back jam gone be stuck in my head.
President Obama interviews author Marilynne Robinson: NEW YORK (AP) For this interview, President Barack Obama was the one asking t...
ddlovato: Even Michelle Obama herself knows there's nothing wrong with being #CONFIDENT!! Shoutout to the #FLOTUS!!!!
Putin offers to Team Up with America to destroy Muslim ISIS Terrorist, what Does Obama Say?... No Man, I Cant Do That #tcot
Obama on #60minutes: My definition of leadership would be leading on #ClimateChange. Really? #RebootLiberty #ORPUW
_L_: On today's show, 3pm CT, 4 ET: Testy 60 Minutes: in 60 Minutes interview, Obama on Putin aggression, climate...
Calling Obama a "Weakling", Chris Christie Says He Would Start World War III Just For Funsies
President Obama Was Asked If He Thought He Could Win A Third Term, This Was His Response
Bob Fitzgerald said that he is not on the list of invitees to the White House for the Warriors title trip. Obama must have heard the show.
"Attention Messers obama and JoeThePlummer. Please pick up the White Courtesy Phone."
back to back | barack obama
92: Obama has done more to hurt the American people than any president in history. #WakeUpAmerica #PJNET
4life holy fuck what a bunch of ignorant comments and a total bullshit post, Obama had nothing to do with this decision. Morons
remember "nuance?"
@106andpark: We. Are. WEAK! Help please this spoof is HILARIOUS
Obama had a pretty sick burn mocking Putin\'s "leadership" - Vox
Obama: Those taking religion seriously are often suspicious of others - The Hill
Didn't Obama's stance on Benghazi dictate Hilary's initial response?
Trump knocks Obama's 'sad' '60 Minutes' interview
We never really know how much is true and what is just plain gossip! So my advice to you is pray for the truth,... 75263
1: Obama Celebrates Columbus Day: Ushered in Disease, Devastation, and Violence - Breitbart
Obama is complicit in crimes committed by illegals simply by allowing them in. Is he is too big to go to prison? I wonder if this is America
0930 our money's funny, and our credit won't get it. PLZ SIGN.
Tell President Obama: No backdoors in our technology #Encryption
Im SO proud of my brother for this!!!!!! Energy climate is our future. ht
No, President Obama, it\'s not easier to buy a gun than it is to "buy a book." Stop making crap up.
Obama seeks to nationalize local police departments, placing them under federal control -
4 things we learned about President Obama when he interviewed Marilynne Robinson
Obama Drops to 50 Tons of Ammo to Jihadists Fighting Russia and Syrian Army
_Grace2: The Gingrich Plan: Newt Lays Out A Bold Vision For Combating Obama | The Sean Hannity Show via @
10107697: OBAMA is a LIAR, LIAR, LIAR !!!! Just a Socialist/Communist in a suit and protected by threat of RACISM by MSM !!! ht
Here is the full interview.
Listen to Michelle Obama's Girl-Power Spotify Playlist
4cc: Obama's DEATH CULT: 10 Assaults and Beheadings That Happened on American Soil
Obamas 60 Minutes Interview Was So Awesome, Crybaby Donald Trump Had To Bash It on Twitter
Barack Obama in Political Cartoons
I cant believe this. Im #outraged! #GOP Column: Don't Trump the Supreme Court
99: 47 1 58 1 obama, nothing, jv, golf....
OBAMA..IT IS EASIER TO BUY GUN THAN BOOK,IN AMERICA NOT IN INDIA.OBAMA U HAVE COMMITED GREAT FAULT OR SIN.R U LISTENING HILLARY,BOBY JINDAL?
357: Putin Mocks Obama: US Should Have Given Russia $500 Million Instead via
357: Huckabee Just Responded To Obama's Oregon Visit With 7 123 1
100: Father of Victim of Ore. Massacre: 'President Obama was Genuine Comforting: Not Political' - via
Obama to CHANGE the Name of Columbus Day - Its Columbus Day today, so millions of Americans are enjoying a day of...
Obama Petulantly Says No to Russian Cooperation
Barack Obama thinks the three branches of government are Me, Myself, and I.
Makes you wonder if Obama owns stock in the weapons industry.
SHAME the Elderly Disabled VETS WON'T Receive Cost of Living Raise while Congress/Senate LAWLESS Obama Continue WASTING Tax $$! #Trump2016
Retweeted Egypt Speaks ( _Speaks): #Obama rolls his eyes at CBS when pressed on #Putin and U.S. fails on...
Great, everyone is saying I did much better on @60Minutes last week than President Obama did tonight. I agree!
COWARD IN CHIEF: As Russia Bombs ISIS, Obama Pulls US Aircraft Carrier Out Of Persian Gulf
4News: Last month said he wanted to run for US president in 2020. Here's Barack Obama's advice to him:
Obama Official: Over 90% of Syrian Refugees Approved in U.S. via
random fact: I can see Obama's Air Force one plane from my desk; its sitting at Miramar Air Force base. Apparently he's golfing today.
Barack Obama - Back To Back Credit: Alphacat via
_Speaks: #Obama rolls his eyes at CBS when pressed on #Putin and U.S. fails on #ISIS. #Syria #60minutes
so my teacher is telling us that Obama is such a bad president, but he seems to be a great one to people cause he's the fir
No suprise there.... Obama is as dodgy as Fuck... I'm with Putin.
obama is the coolest president of all time
Obama's on the crack pipe.
Obama Ends Up Asking the Questions During Sit-Down With Novelist and His Inquiry About Chris... #
0: Obama admin says Iran ballistic missile tests do not violate the nuke deal. Experts disagree
How much does Obama know about emails?
21: #ColumbusDay Watch Obama will turn it into some muslim celebration.
Barack Obama - "Back to Back" ( Spoof) via and Why did you do this to me?!
: "Obama" ethers using \'s "Back to Back"
ddlovato: Even Michelle Obama herself knows there's nothing wrong with being #CONFIDENT!!
. should start a podcast where he interviews authors
Obama and his 'global police force.'
Obama is not interested in helping Ukraine and putin can do whatever he wants until it comes to Poland
_Report_: MT: #Black #Supporter #Goes Off at Trump #Rally... 'Obama Has Failed Us. We're Taking Back America'......
Yeah, he's leading on a totally fabricated event.
@60Minutes are you running against Obama?
I just got this from someone else. But if it is true then Obama is the biggest problem in America. Feel free to...
. dishes out advice for about running for president, via
Barack Obama - "Back to Back"
Saturday, President Obama urged supporters to "stay engaged." He then announced he will be golfing in San Diego on Sunday Monday.
Who Will Save Middle East Christians: Obama or Putin?
I wanna kick it with Obama
BREAKING: This World Leader Just Accused Obama of TREASON on the Floor of the U.N.
As Putin Bombs Syria, President Obama Pulls Aircraft Carrier Out Of Persian Gulf.
Why does Obama think guns are the problem?? Nobody's assassinated his ass.
Guardian investigation finds migrants deported by U.S. being murdered in home countries -
#GolfNews Pls # GolfCourier: Where will Obama play his post-Presidency golf? Let the speculation #Golf #PGA #LPGA
Obama's definition of leadership is #ClimateChange. Can't make this crap up. _razor #WakeUpAmerica #tcot
Obama, conning over her, and this lead?
President Obama: Answer Our Petition - We Want a Woman on the $20!
_: YES MICHELLE OBAMA!
Obama's Legacy. #GrindingAmericaDown
Barack Obama singing what makes you beautiful by one direction
Listen to on #Soundcloud at
PressTV-Putin acts out of weakness in Syria: Obama
BaHaHaHazhaHaHa, Think Again!! Obama: 'Yes' I would win if I ran for president again |
I love love love Michelle Obama. Real goals
In case anyone wondered when if simpletons really did form a circle-jerk while watching Obama interview. #ofCourse
In his fight against our #1 enemy, Climate Change, Pres Obama has scheduled bilateral peace talks with Mr. Icicle Mr
President Obama Smacks Down Steve Kroft's Right-Wing Talking Points | Crooks and Liars via
_Ekwo: Franklin Graham: Christians were martyred, Obama was silent
Americans love our Pork! Go Pork! I think I need a pig for my front yard! You? via
Obama's negative remarks about Trump only show how desperate career politicians have become. TRUMP 2016
Obama told a Lie? Are you serious?? First I heard of it. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 STOP THE MADNESS
Calling Obama a Weakling, Chris Christie Says He Would Shoot Down Russian Planes Over Syria via
Ones it was mistake, 2nd time stupidity aka Obama... LOL
In order to highlight Obama's gun confiscation program he will travel to Chicago to emphasize how it will work for America...
Obama sounds off on Trump: He won't be president
I liked a video from Barack Obama - "Back to Back" ( Spoof)
Obama will throw 'entire backing of White House' behind Biden in exchange for THIS, sources say
Obama says: Sorry Steve Kroft, no, I don't stick my head into the sand over Putin, Syria, Hillary, Iraq, Afghanistan
Thank goodness, I've got the rest of the kit. See you soon, if you can get some Obama ready.......
61 Cruz supporters esp will hope it's overlooked, as was w/Obama.. BUT, of course, LIBERALS only give their OWN a pass!
Noticeably arrogant, On #60Minutes Obama lied his way all through the interview. Just like he has the last 6 years.
The most frustrated I ever saw President Obama in 8 years was the day a minority in the Senate blocked background checks a
Obama should have been impeached! removed from office!
With professor Gates off to haue a beer ;ith Obama, now would be the perfect time to brtak into hiz house.
Obama Just Weighed In On Hillary's Email Scandal--Remarkably Kept A Straight Face...
HERO4 #GoPRo #HERO4 #GoProHero #SurfCam #waterproofcamera Marilynne Robison Interviews Pres...
With professor Gates off to have a beer ;ith Obama, now would be the perfect time to brtak into his house.
Not sure why president Obama feels it necessary to comment on hip hop artist and their personal lives as often as he does. Bush ain't do dat
Obama roastin' kanye but anyone who would ever vote kanye for pres. Is really dumb and i question your judgement
1: OBAMA SLAMS TRUMP: HE WON'T BE NEXT POTUS ADDS YOU CAN KEEP YOUR DR. PERIOD! #Newsmax
The Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia has overturned... #Case #Program #Appeals #News
Obama says he doesn't uweet because his thumbs are too clumsy. Which is a polite way of saying he has a real jot.
Trump Rips Obama's '60 Minutes' Appearance: 'A Little Bit Sad'
300 Obama is a man because he has male equipment He's a weak man who has lost the Middle East and Israel has no ally.
Celebrate #InternationalDayOfTheGirl with a playlist of powerful women made by herself, Michelle Obama
81 457450 The way Obama repeats the same dogma over and over makes me SUSPECT he did in fact attend a madrassa.
Obama says Clinton email server a 'mistake,' but denies national security jeopardized
can we blame Obama for this one?
Barack obama meets ISIS leader
By Thanks for the compilation of President Obama's accomplishments WSY #FeelTheBern emoprogs PL
@2AFight: Obama/National Journal DEBUNKED! More lies from anti-gun Left #2A #NRA #tcot #PJNET #teaparty
James Taylor: 'Every day Barack Michelle Obama are in W House is a day I am thankful for'
Ted Cruz on Obamas Release of Violent Alien Criminals: If I Am Elected #tcot #lnyhbt
Consensus: Obama blew it on Syria
What a fool this man is: Obama: My Idea Of World Leadership Is Fighting #ClimateChange #tcot
EXCLUSIVE: Michelle Obama Talks to Us About Education, Equality Girl Power
Obama Celebrates Columbus Day: Ushered in Disease, Devastation, and Violence #tcot #lnyhbt
African-American Trump Supporter: Obama has Failed Us; Time to Take America Back; Video 0/10/15
I'll miss Obama
Marilynne Robison Interviews President Obama
Obama pushes to extend gun background checks to Social Security Can't balance a checkbook? No gun for
2ndguardsUS: WE PUT THEM THERE TO FIGHT OBAMA not ENABLE HIM.
. nailed it: US officials conclude Iran deal lifting sanctions violates Obama's own 2012 federal law
Obama: Putin's not challenging my leadership in Syria, and besides, I'm 'leading on climate change'
999: 46 Obama thinks his excited, panting lapdog media following his is 'leadership'.
OBAMA deals UHURU a blow amp; renders him useless even before he lands-See who he rsquo;ll meet - #KOT
Huckabee Just Responded To Obama's Oregon Visit With 1 BRUTAL Sentence That Hits Him Right Where It Hurts
8: Petition 2 Pres Obama End Rez Poverty Please sign/share Thanks #INDIGENOUS #TAIRP
"I had two terms they went back to back." Amazing. | Barack Obama - "Back to Back" (Drake Spoof)
Obama: 'Yes' I would win if I ran for president again
2ndguardsUS: Voting for another Boehner clone is a vote for Obama. GOP BETRAYED people who put them there.
98: obama sucks COCK
Obama the Muslim bans pork in prisons.
Christie: Obama 'Retreats Apologizes' Around The World via #SecularTalk #KyleKulinski
55 @10thAmendment ISIS Leader: We Are Funded By The Obama Administration
55 @10thAmendment ~delusional is the biggest threat to America. Worse than Nixon #Impeach obama
Damn Obama is the best
Obama had a pretty sick burn mocking Putin\'s "leadership"
Obama-care... Taking care of you...one way or another...
_Stance: Nothing Obama promised he was gonna do for the country has happened, but everything he has done has failed spectacular
MD (MOCO) DEM CC had ZERO O'Malley signs on display during the MoCo, MD Agr. Fair. Only Bernie's Obama.
67: Obama Bashes Critics of Trade Deal But Fails to Mention THEYRE ALL DEMOCRATS (VIDEO) via
Obama signs 23-point gun-control order. Seriously wants to tell parents I'm working to keep your kids safe #p2
Obama: Private Clinton emails a mistake, but not a national security problem
can't wait for ovomits isis to set him on fire! hope its on live tv so we can all have a good laugh! via
. can go f*** himself, given his worship for second Holocaust-incentivizing Obama.
List of 21 Obama Failures #OBAMAFAIL
LaRouche Charges Obama Deliberately Bombed MSF Hospital
First Lady Michelle Obama has put together a "First Lady" playlist on Check it out
ANTI-ISIS OBAMA HALLOWEEN DISPLAY IS FREAKING PEOPLE OUT: Here Are The Pics via _Giles HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Now all we need is for at least 50% of the men to start doing something
Obama Says Russian Strikes on ISIS are 'Strengthening' ISIS
Court halts EPA water rule weeks after it took effect in most states
"We are the writers", true. Better Together, true. Thinking GWBush Obama as same is blindness. All the best. Hope.
WATCH: Obama Gives Thanks To Satan
Obama actually says our economy is doing great! He even said that having a huge debt is no problem! Alternate universe for sure
DJ TREASURE WAH GWAN JAMAICA DANCEHALL MIX \xbaOBAMA VISITS TO SISTA P\xba . via
_CHUB: People who bash Obama obviously didn't take the time out to actually evaluate his presidency or his accomplishments
WHO DOES OBAMA RESPECT: KID-"CLOCK" OR US VETERAN HERO? #Philadelphia #Albany #AUstin #Tallahassee #Richmond #Sanjose
AUSA Emphasizes Increased Army Role in Homeland Security - DefenseNews #com #Homeland
From Bill Gates to Barack Obama, here's an eye-opening peek at how some of the most famous people hit the sack.
2012: Obama Explains Why A Congress Still Investigating Benghazi Refuses to Pass Gun #UniteBlue
63: If #OregonShooter targeted Muslims Obama would be pulling out his prayer rug! _Gericke
POTUS News: Where will Obama play his post-Presidency golf? Let the speculation begin
A '60 Minutes' Interview With An Unserious President Obama
President Obama's ex-pastor Jeremiah Wright: 'Jesus was a Palestinian' |
POTUS News: 4 Things We Learned About President Obama When He Interviewed Marilynne Robinson
Obama droppin bars against Donald Trump. :
999 46 The media would have to find Obama's leadership before they follow it. I wish them luck...
Barack Obama - "Back to Back" ( Spoof) - Written Performed by: Iman Crosson . #litmusik
POTUS News: Listen to Michelle Obama's Girl-Power Spotify Playlist
Michelle Obama adjusted President Obama's tie Reddit decided to do what they do best:
POTUS News: Angry, Annoyed Obama Clashes With Steve Kroft On 60 Minutes
Obama had a Gerald Ford moment last night on 60 Minutes
VIDEO: John Legend Petitions Fans and Obama to Support BAN THE BOX Campaign
Horizons: President Obama on Leadership and Strength
President Obama's trade deal includes the strongest environmental standards of any trade agreement in history. #TPP
357: Politifact: Obama is LYING About Guns. Again. Still. 7 123 1
99 . Obama\'s next gig will be on the Iranian hit TV show " ISIS HAS TALENT" where he will juggle CAMEL t
SNAP! Putin Mocks Obama: US Should Have Given Russia $500 Million Instead via
Obama BANS Pork from Federal Prisons the Reason Why Will Make You LIVID #Islam
We need circulating gun libraries #rentagun #fairness Obama: "It is easier to buy a gun than buy a book.
President Obama Democrats are either idiots or deliberately trying to destroy their own economy.-Putin htt
NEW! FROM EW: Michelle Obama's New Playlist Is All About Empowering Women: The First Lady showed her l... #JustIn
Read the Full Text of President Obama's Eulogy at Beau Biden's Funeral #quotesbynct
Michelle Obama Made A Girl Power Playlist And It's Incredible: Ladies, prepare to feel em... #random
Hey Obama ---&gt;Muslim control needed not Gun Control!
_St_Clair So when all that ammo comes back to haunt #Obama who will say I told you so?
Exclusive: A conversation between and Marilynne Robinson about faith, fear, writing, American values, and more
"Calling Obama a Weakling, Chris Christie Says He Would Shoot Down Russian Planes Over Syria" by ALAN RAPPEPO
Michelle Obama reminds girls not to take their education for granted
_Francois: OBAMA QUOTE: "this type of mass violence does not happen in other advanced countries." You are not only STUPID! You are c
Barack Obama - "Back to Back" ( Spoof) via
Obama Arms Islamic Terrorists Who Called for "Slaughtering Americans Like Cattle" | Frontpage Mag
THAT simple. I don t like Putin. but he gets it. obama doesn t
Obama Says Hes Better Than Putin, Ends Up EMBARRASSING Himself On TV
Obama: Those taking religion seriously are often suspicious of others
2: Oregon Victim's Husband Eric Dietz Reveals His Emotional Meeting With Obama via
Retweeted chaz ( 1944): Obama Explains Why A Congress Still Investigating Benghazi Refuses to Pass Gun Laws -...
And #Obama purged the #military with like minded and YES SIR Officers. He speaks they salute.
The 60 Minutes interview of President Obama what weve learned #featuredpost #foreignpolicy
_mekonnen: US wars/ proxy wars r useless expensive #Obama said. Sanctioning #Eritrea is waging a war agains the people. END the
__pokus: Pundits like typecast as the Black Counter narrative, have benefited from O
1944: Obama Explains Why A Congress Still Investigating Benghazi Refuses to Pass Gun Laws -
OBAMA CLAIMS HIS MASSIVE FAILURE IN THE MIDDLE EAST IS A SIGN OF STRENGTH!
Passionate Black American Speaks Out Strongly Against Obama at Trump Rally 21 2012
Roseburg Residents Tell Obama: Stop Using Tragedy to Take Liberty -
"I want to declare this scandal official...well, until my name comes up, then it\'s racist..."-Obama
2 That General Is Just Another Anti-American Obama Loyalist Clown, He Is A Disgrace To The Army To The United States!!
Interesting, how USA #Obama ally #Turkey, () can't stop foreigners from joining ISIS via Turkey
POTUS Gives Kanye West Sound Yet Hilarious Advice For His 2020 Presidential Bid
The English nerd in me loves the parody! hahaha Barack Obama - Back to Back
Obama Tells 60 Minutes Hillary Clinton Made Email Mistake...
Oh Lord! Obamas former pastor says Jesus was a Palestinian
Obama Tells 60 Minutes Hillary Clinton Made Email Mistake
Obama officially has us in a proxy war with Russia...welcome to WW III everyone.
Obama is Kissinger-evil. Branded liberal, humane, progressive etc. Reactionary dirt.
Watch emotional black Trump supporters INTENSE rant: Obama has failed us . . . he broke my heart
Barack Obama meets ISIS leader via
Dallas is as bad as Chicago not a safe city. But what is anymore? Thank you Obama and DC for hate bating the last 8.
What makes a man is not the ability to have a child but having the courage to raise one. Barack Obama
2012: US government deporting Central American migrants to their deaths #UniteBlue
SNAP! Putin Mocks Obama: US Should Have Given Russia $500 Million Instead
_Arcuri: Awesome! Putin's got Obama's number
Obama Oregon Visit: Confederate Flags, Armed Protesters Greet President #DeoVindice
Imam Wright? ** Check Out What Obama's Former Pastor Says About Jesus During Million Man March ...
President Obama is currently listening to Good For You by Selena Gomez
AWFUL. Grieving Father of UCC Shooting Victim Barred by #ShiteHouse From Meeting #Obama Why,
Tell the Obama Administration to Prosecute Endangered Species Killers via
and if I was working for the gov. I would be brainwashed by Obama. Wouldn't I??
Obama begins State of the Union. Meanwhile on a desert island a bearded Mitt Romney draws a face on a volleyball.
_: THIS IS LEGENDARY
President Obama: Take Executive Action on Gun Violence - Sign the Petition! via
Nothing like Idols !
75: 1 1 The British and Their Agent Obama Go Wild
Obama spent $500 million to do something (train moderate Syrian opposition) he now says he never believed in. Pretty str
President Obama Smacks Down Steve Kroft's Right-Wing Talking Points
OBAMA QUOTE: "this type of mass violence does not happen in other advanced countries." You are not only STUPID! You are certifiably INSANE!
&gt; Dear Leader Barry Obama thought these matters trivial in giving Iran what it wanted to bolster
President Obama read Marilynne Robinson's essay on fear and decided he wanted to talk to her about it:
_Nye_Tho__: why Obama the Pope look like they\'re about to drop the hottest collab of 2015 "What A Time To Be Elected"
The back to back remix with Obama is too much man
Huckabee Just Responded To Obama #8217;s Oregon Visit With 1 Brutal Sentence That Hits Him Where It Hurts
_Wife: MT 3: Cruz Sees Obama's Lawlessness! #WakeUpAmerica #CruzCrew #PJNET
This Is Not Denial. This is Obamas Plan. 1 47 1
Did Obama really bash Putin on destroying THEIR economy? Really?! Because OURS is being systematically destroyed by Obaman
President Obama is currently listening to Low (Apple Bottom Jeans) by Flo Rida
Obama has advice for Kanye West. Coolest man
President Obama is currently listening to Trap Queen by Fetty Wap
Dear President Obama, enough is enough. Issue an executive order requiring background checks on all gun sales NOW.
Obama Rewrites The Record On His Syria Policy
Really interested in reading this conversation between Marilynne Robinson and President Obama. Cool idea.
Barack Obama, Problem
Obama is not fighting the external enemies and he's promoting the internal enemies, a toxic brew. #savagenation #governm
President Obama is currently listening to Hotline Bling by Drake
1: Obama: My Idea Of World Leadership Is Fighting [the weather]
_jewels Closed Doors, Closed Windows, and Closed Mouths supports Obama's Shariah comp
#BreakingNews Obama Ends Up Asking the Questions During Sit-Down With Novelist and His Inquiry About C... #rome
143 @_trump4potus _TrumpUSA2016 THEY BELIEVE OBAMA IS A MESSIAH, TOO.
613 Disgraceful. Obama is lower than my sandals,being Muslim he'll know what that means.
I'm glad Obama is finally speaking up.
Coming Up: The Hope Behind Putins Syria Help: President Obama insists on looking the gift horse of Russian mi...
_Captain obama looks in the mirror sees biggest threat to USA
Obama Ends Up Asking the Questions During Sit-Down With Novelist and His Inquiry About Christianity Is the O...
1936: Obama: The most religious are also often "suspicious of those not like them"
99 . Obama\'s next gig will be on the Iranian hit TV show " ISIS HAS TALENT" where he will juggle CAMEL turds using his ears.
Who supports who in #Syria #Putin #Russia #Assad #SaudiArabia #ISIS #Obama #US #AlNusra #Turkey #AlQaeda
66: And anchor baby's-- tax increases--spending increases-- abortion-- crone capitalism-- how about opposing Obama!
98: I'm going to dress up as a Obama on Halloween, when kids come to my door, I'll take half their candy and give it to lazy kids
#Golf #GolfNews Where will Obama play his post-Presidency golf? Let the speculation be OfN
Michelle Obama Made A Girl Power Playlist And It's Incredible: Ladies, prepare to feel empowered via the White Houses Spotify. ...
UPDATE: Guilty; Verdict Reached in Case of American Journalist Obama Left Behind in Iran
2: #PBO spoof distrack to Trump! Barack Obama - Back to Back via h/tNicoleLockley
_USA Angry, Annoyed Obama Clashes With Steve Kroft On 60 Minutes
Obama: My Idea Of World Leadership Is Fighting Climate Change
Who do you think should be the next president? Obama
I liked a video from Obama\'s Ex Secret Service Agent Dan Bongino "It\'s Worse Than
#np Obama - Back to back
Angry, Annoyed Obama Clashes With Steve Kroft On 60\xffMinutes
Obama: My Idea Of World Leadership Is Fighting Climate\xffChange
Paul Ryan Joins Obama to Revive 1960s-Style Crime-Raising\xffReforms
Grieving Father of #UCCShooting Victim Barred From Meeting Obama secret meeting = secret approved list
President Obama is currently listening to Summertime Sadness by Lana Del Rey
#Obama air lifts 50 tons of ammo to #ISIS and #Nusra.
Michelle Obama's spotify playlist is straight fire #girlpower
@1RonnieD: Why does ANYONE even entertain the thought that Obama would say anything honest during an interview? He is incapable of speak
10/3/15 How 7 years of Obama brought the world from Kumbaya to chaos 5/7/15 Hillarys Islamic connection
Trump On Obama '60 Minutes' Interview: My '60 Minutes' Interview Was Better! #topnews
I believe in a 3rd term .... 25 to LIFE.
Listen to President Obamas conversation with writer Marilynne Robinson on :
Obamas LIE Obama says Clinton email server a 'mistake', but denies national security jeopardized
Funny stuff. "President Obama" disses Donald Trump in "Back To Back\' spoof. Watch:
President Obama is currently listening to Right Hand by Drake
President Obama tells @60Minutes Hillary Clintons email scandal is a legitimate issue.
Obama killed Kanye's hopes
VA gets Shorted $2.6 Billion while Obama Admin Budgets $4.5 Billion on Syrians Migrants |
Bernie Sanders Is Exceeding Obama's Historic 2008 Run in Crowds, Donors and Polling | Alternet
To liberals especially to Obama their reaction will be a huge YAWN bc it doesn't fit their white cop o
'Under Obama, Christian refugees are deported. Israelis can't get visas. But kids of Iranian terrorists are welcome'
VIDEO=&gt; Black Supporter Goes Off at Trump Rally: Obama Has Failed Us. Were Taking Back America
President Obama Marilynne Robinson: A Conversation in Iowa by Barack Obama and Marilynne Robinson via
War drums from Jersey: Calling Obama a Weakling, Chris Christie Says He Would Shoot Down Russian Planes Over Syria
Obama really believes he is a great president world leader.. that is what happens when you surround yourself only with
Once again Obama proves he is a Muslim! Bans pork from prisons. WAKE UP AMERICA!!!
Obama Ends Up Asking the Questions During Sit-Down With Novelist and His Inquiry About Christianit... #theblaze
President Obama is currently listening to Stay With Me by Sam Smith
The Hill McCain: Obama to blame for Guantanamo restrictions: Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.) on Wednesday placed th...
McCain: Obama to blame for Guantanamo restrictions: Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.) on Wednesday placed...
Drakes Back To Back Diss Track Got HIGHlariously Remade With President Obama Roasting Donald Trump Watch!
__Minaj: What's is Obama's last name?
With a straight face, Obama asserts #Putin is weak and no challenge #IBDBlogs via
#iran test fires missile-obama says: 'crickets chirping!'
54: 99 2II 2723 I stopped going to kos when they threw Obama
OUCH! Putin Mocks #Obama: US Should Have Given Russia $500 Million Instead , Leading with his head up his ass
_Lets see, using a photo ID would be too difficult for you and your still using the free cell phone Obama gave you-I'm impressed?
President Obama is hands down the funniest president we've ever had.
Calling Obama a Weakling, Chris Christie Says He Would Shoot Down Russian Planes Over Syria: Gov. Chris Chri...
Obama lying again. Saying states with the most gun laws have the fewest gun deaths.
Why Clinton's foreign policy would be more continuity than change from Obama, by 2 via
71: Christie is apparently a devotee of the d-waving camp in international affairs:
The Caucus: Calling Obama a Weakling, Chris Christie Says He Would Shoot Down Russian Planes Over Syria
@1140WRVA: Here's why Obama calls that terror group ISIL instead of ISIS.
Martial Law by President Obama
Obama Ends Up Asking the Questions During Sit-Down With Novelist and His Inquiry About Chris... #tcot #p2 #news
Here are 5 things can do about gun violence NOW. Add your name:
This is what Obama does in his spare time
23: @60Minutes #WakeUpAmerica #ccot #tcot #teaparty Prez (Clueless) Obama doesn't have a clue of reality htt
Barack Obama Has Killed More Innocent Civilians Than All the Gun Owners in Oregon Combined
VA gets Shorted $2.6 Billion while Obama Admin Budgets $4.5 Billion on Syrians Migrants
Obama loses his cool as he is challenged on 'embarrassment' in Syria
#migrantcrisis : #US government deporting Central American #migrants to their deaths.
Obama Ends Up Asking the Questions During Sit-Down With Novelist and His Inquiry About Christianity Is ... (TB)
and Marilynne Robinson, author of Gilead, in conversation A worthwhile read
Marilynne Robison Interviews President Obama #Digg
Obama Ends Up Asking the Questions During Sit-Down With Novelist and His Inquiry About Chris... #theblaze #gbtv
6 years of Obamas Massive Failure Has Delivered Trumps Success #OBAMAFAIL
Obama keeps it 8 more than 92.
Marilynne Robinson in conversation with ' man in Iowa, Barack Obama (audio available)
Starnes: Obama Military Honors Traitor, Punishes Hero
#Us government push back #migrants to #CentralAmerica, where they find their death
President Obama, "Thank You"!! #WeThePeople
President+Zero+F*cks+Left+Obama+Shuts+Down+Hostile+Interviewer+With+A+Touch+Of+Class+(VIDEO)+-+
I keep watching this. Michelle Obama christening a US Navy submarine. Her face when the bottle finally breaks.
_Ekwo: Franklin Graham says Obama influenced by Islam, all his policies are 'against Christ'
VIDEO: Roseburg, Oregon Protester To Barack Obama Go To Hell | BB4SP
Obama to Kroft: "My definition of leadership is getting a climate change agreement in Paris" I literally want to cry.Th
Yall seen that Barack Obama-Back to Back funny asf lowkey slap lmao
92: Jeb Bush and Marco Rubio back Obama on #ObamaTrade #TPP #WakeUpAmerica #tcot #ccot
President Obama Says he Could Win a Third Term, but Wont run via
54: 99 he had a law 2009 it was approved by the Clintons not by Obama, DHS,FBI,CIA that's w
President Obama interviews author Marilynne Robinson
: White House Wants Deserter Bergdahl To Walk #Bergdahl #WhiteHouse #Obama
Explaining the Toxic Marriage Between Obama and Netanyahu
Q: HOW AMAZING IS MICHELLE OBAMA? A: V amazing.
_poplar: Obama fix is in for #Bergdahl. Can't upset his Rose Garden welcome or Taliban deal. _S_P_O_O_K_Y
Obama says NRA is the challenge in passing new gun laws (VIDEO) #gunnews
_tribune Obama's preacher IS disturbing. He is worse than obama except that he fortunately doesn't have the power obummer does
The trope that #Obama exercises restraint in the use of American power is misleading via
Starnes: Obama Military Honors Traitor, Punishes Hero IT TAKES A TRAITOR TO KNOW A TRAITOR.
Is the fix in 4 Hilary like Bergdahl ? I can't see Obama making such a blanketed comment about her email without the results
When Obama was born there were only 7,000 polar bears. As a result of climate inaction there is only 20,000 now.
,Chris Christie, flying to Obama's house,!
7th Yeah, um: you don't 'speak for the American people'. They elected President Obama TWICE, remember? Moron?
PresidentObama MarilynneRobinson: "I dont get a chance as often as Id like to have conversations" wagnercollege
President Obama blames politics for outcry over Hillary Clinton email server mistake.
obama gotta grab someone up by the scruff of their neck before leaving office
Retweeted Navst\x82va ( ): Putin's driven Obama to the point of a nervous breakdown, he's cracking - time...
Ent: President Obama interviews author Marilynne Robinson: NEW YORK (AP) For this
Obama Calls #Trump a Classic Reality TV Entertainer on 60 Minutes Trump Responds
Obama had it my dude boy was in Harvard. Ladies don't apply this to ya bum ass boyfriends sellin' weed.
What do you think will be the most enduring act of the Obama Administration? Find out what I think on my blog:
"Playing Patience While Syria Burns." Why Obama shuffled cards instead of playing strategic chess in the Mid East:
Putin's driven Obama to the point of a nervous breakdown, he's cracking - time to impeach him &gt; 25th Amendment
143: Obama:'My Idea Of World Leadership Is Fighting #climatechange' Because It Doesn't FIGHT Back! htt
_tribune: VIDEO: Obamas Preacher Calls Jesus Something Disturbing This Explains Everything #tcot
HAHAHA this is too much Barack Obama
President Barack Obama Talks Donald Trump On 60 Minutes, and Shocker, The Donald Isn't Having It: He's attacked FOX
Obama eviscerates Putin, in one quote.
Obama Hits Out at Hillary, Disclaims Role in Arming Syrian Opposition on "60 Minutes"
Obama not the first #NobelPeacePrize winner to bomb another Nobel winner. So who was?
US government deporting Central American migrants to their deaths
Obama tells '60 Minutes' he's going to stay the course on Syria - #GoogleAlerts
_Joy Obama has made this philosophy all but impossible but thanks for the reminder.
Michelle Obama Christens Navy's New Submarine. USS Illinois (SSN 786), the 13th submarine of the U.S.
I second . You also partnered with the Obama Regime. Liberal hack company. Never again.
More informed and stonger than Obama. Dont hate on him because he brings the crowds. He is real!
dear Pres. Obama - this is the African Leader to tried to greet
BREAK'G NEWS! Obama: I Could Win 3rd Term as Prez... Yeah, Prez of St. Elizabeths Hospital !!!
14b1ffa8c7f4f2: 15 He, , is one giant ass. Ayatollah Obama deserves imprisonment in GITMO. Send its hu
To Hell with Hillary Clinton and she can take Hussein Obama with her. Retweet if you agree.
Obamas Massive Failure Has Delivered Trumps Success
President Barack Obama Talks Donald Trump On 60 Minutes, and Shocker, The Donald Isn't Having It via
Associated Press
This is not a joke, but an actual saying, just change Turkish pm with Obama and see the senselessness #TurkeyAttack
33: Leaders of Oregon Shooting Town Stun Obama W/MASSIVE Announcement. #WakeUpAmerica #2A here to stay ! #tcot #PJNET
president Obama is still muted I'm sorry
OBAMA FIDDLED WITH THE THERMOSTAT WHILE THE WORLD BURNED: n on President Nero
best back to back spoof of all time because obama vs. trump:
5 SO U VOTED 4 OBAMA N NOW U WANT TRUMP GOES 2 SHOW SAME PPL DIFFERANT CULT!
America is a safer place. A real quote from Barack Obama. You cant make this stuff up. #60Minutes
Barack Obama: Full-time President, part time Savage
Obama: Clinton's Email Issue Is Not A Security Threat - YouTube
#entertainment President Barack Obama Talks Donald Trump On 60 Minutes, and Shocker, The Donald Isn't Having It:
While is working w Suzanne Farrell, Emma paid Obama a little visit. #washingtondc #perfect day!
Obama gave Kanye West some epic advice on running for president:
Court blocks Obamas water rule nationwide --&gt;
America Will Never Embrace Gun Control Under Barack Obama - Pacific Standard
Obama on Hillary Email: She Just Made 'a Mistake'
Tipsheet: Obama: Hillarys Email Server Is a Legitimate Issue, But Its Getting Politicized... #Re
Obama giving Kanye advice at the #DNCfundraiser yesterday:
_Gharib: Chris Christie Says He Would Shoot Down Russian Planes Over Syria // Great idea, well thought out.
Obama has some advice for Kanye
99: Dear @60Minutes: your #GOP tool, , questioned Pres. Obama's leadership? Seems Steve has none:
Whoa: Black man at Trump rally goes OFF on Obama
. on origins often costly consequences of Barack Obama's foreign policy doctrine of restraint.
@308saiga: Obama, First President to side with a foreign nation over one of the American 50 states (Mexico vs Arizona).
Obama: "Every morning when I wake up, I\'m going to be thinking about how we can get people back to work." - Jan 2009
She wants to show the obama administration she's very against global warming.
Obama Again Threatening our National Defense? - Eagle Rising via OBAMA IS DANGEROUS - PATRIOTS PLEAS
1: Obama killed on the 60 Minutes interview didn't he? Totes convinced me Putin was desperate and America is totally winning in S
1956: Black Supporter Goes Off At Trump Rally: Obama Has Failed Us Were Taking Back America EPIC VIDEO | #BB4SP
Barack Obama - "Back to Back" ( Spoof) _yadingus
President Obama is currently listening to Black Magic by Little Mix
1: Michelle Obama cria playlist no Spotify com Beyonc\x82 e Billie Holiday #G1
. joins in asking to #BantheBox. Read his op-ed here: sign the petition:
Central American immigrants who aren't recognized as refugees are deported by US face death back home
52 tysm. I had a feeling about obama a while back..that he was very special. In my minds eye he was Baba to me
Obama: Clinton Made Mistake, Didn't Harm National Security via _Media
#ISIS Feeds STARVING YAZIDI WOMAN Her 3-Year-Old Son, and Then Tells Her Later #Islam #terrorism
Abraham Lincoln, the Zionist Agent, Faked His Death So Will President Obama: via
OUTRAGE: Obama Forces Federal Prisons to Remove ALL Of This Item... His Reason Is Infuriating
Currently reading Obama a Failure as President, Majority Says in CNN/ORC Poll #OBAMAFAIL
Republicans Voted Against 8 Bills to Help Veterans since Obama took office - Democratic Underground
President Obama is currently listening to Infinity by One Direction
Donald Trump Gets Burned In This Hilarious Obama Diss Track Parody -
Update: Matt Drudge Challenges Obama Give Up Your Guns #DisarmObama #ColumbusDay #disarmobama
#celebrity President Barack Obama Talks Donald Trump On 60 Minutes, and Shocker, The Donald Isn't Having It: He's
WATCH: President Obama Gives Kanye West Tips For His Presidential Run
#entertainment news President Barack Obama Talks Donald Trump On 60 Minutes, and Shocker, The Donald Isn't Having It
See the music stars Michelle Obama ( ) chose for her #InternationalDayOfTheGirl playlist:
I think Obama is vying for head of UN or maybe leader of Islam!
Not the only mistake she made | Obama Tells 60 Minutes Hillary Clinton Made Email Mistake
Obama will confiscate this when he pries it from my cold dead hands.
Fed Prosecutors Blast Sen. Bill to Cut Jail Time for Drug Felons: President Obama and his supporters are haili...
Stark Reality: TPP: Obama and the Democrats betray us again
Obama on Putin in Syria: "My definition of leadership would be leading on climate change" ~via Hot Air #TCOT
Waking the dead
Putin offers to TEAM UP with Obama to DESTROY Muslim terrorists of ISIS Barack Hussein Obama declines
Putin is taking over the middle east to boost oil prices and improve Russia's economy and u think Obama burned Putin?
Another officer was executed in Memphis - where is the Media outrage - where is Obama - #BlueLivesMatter #Memphis Prayers fo
OBAMA IS IN SAN DIEGO, BUT THI Y MINUTES AWAY.
Obama Rewrites The Record On His Syria Policy via
WTF _the_pagan my argument w/ 78 is how stupid his "kill \'em all" mentality is. Caused Obama election!
2u **It takes 1000 yrs for climate change2have a noticeable effect, fits timeframe Obama has on making a decision.
Barack Obama - "Back to Back" ( Spoof) #BARS RETWEET!!!
_gatta: 57 Obama Just Allowed These Murderers To Become Member Of The UN Human Rights Commission...?
If President Obama has shown restraint in his foreign policy, then what would recklessness look like?
Dennis Ross explains the toxic marriage between Obama and Netanyahu
@123Jayne: @60Minutes You were great on 60 minutes last week! I didn't watch Obama,I won't give him my ratings or my ti
Obama said he changed Cuba policy because it hadnt worked in fifty years? Wish hed try that on welfare.
Interesting, how USA #Obama ally #Turkey, () can't stop foreigners from joining ISIS via Turkey :: #World #News
1 Obama must enjoy Golden Showers from Putin
74: The Doctors Without Borders airstrike makes Obama the third straight president to bomb a hospital
Obama: I could win third term if I ran -
AWFUL. Grieving Father of UCC Shooting Victim Barred by #ShiteHouse From Meeting #Obama Why, ?
NOT WHILE MY FIRST LADY AND OBAMA AND THE QUEENS MALIA AND SASHA ARE STILL LIVING AT 1600 PENSELVANIYA AVENUE
Obama Explains His Syria Failure on 60 Minutes
_SOOURCE: ddlovato: Even Michelle Obama herself knows there's nothing wrong with being #CONFIDENT!! Such an honor!!!
_Stiles: Christie slams weakling Obama for foreign policy failures #OBAMA
Hillary promises to outdo Obama's tyranny
_Has_Failed Still waiting for FOX news no guts suckups of #OBAMA ask no questions I'll tell you no lies
_AmAmerica: Obama is a psychotic NUT JOB and needs to be impeached and tried for treason against the American people !!!
I don't think Putin gives a shit about Obama's opinion of leadership.
Bush's wars President Obama has shown restraint in his foreign policy, then what would recklessness look like?
_St_Clair: #Obama Drops 50 TONS of Ammo to Jihadists Fighting Russia and Syrian Army (YET YOU CAN'T OWN A GUN.) #GunSense
Obama Shows Strength By Recognizing The Failure Of The Neoconservative Policy Paul Craig Roberts: Obama Show...
Obama's detente with Iran is going exactly as expected.
Operation 'Salvation' Saving 5 Million Christians Across Middle-East
OBAMA JUST CALLED DONALD TRUMP THIS: And You Wont Believe What He Said [WATCH]
Militia Rock band, KpK, black propaganda video single from #April2011 #Putin slumbers, #Obama alert #lessonsofwar
337: Some members of the Republican Party insist Pres #Obama was born in KENYA but can't decide if he is a TRUE black President!!!
worse deficit in years? Obama has actually lowered the deficit buddy. Not an Obama fan, but have to give him some credit
Nothing Obama promised he was gonna do for the country has happened, but everything he has done has failed spectacularly..--Rush #60minutes
Why e-mail scam is far worse than Watergate
I'll be on The Kelly File w/ hosting tonight to discuss Obama's plans to go around Congress on gun contro
In order to highlight Obama's gun confiscation program he will travel to Chicago to emphasize how it will work for America..........NOT!
Obama chops pork from prison menus,says has nothing to do with his pro-Muslim tendencies? Ya right, we're all fools!
...or your daughter will NEED to get #FGM as early as age 7, because we will all be under Obama Islam healthcare and #FGM will be required
But, like, could I withstand the full force of Obama's power and--more than that--his genuine likability, AND his approval?
Watch "President Obama" Diss Donald Trump With A Remake Of Drake\'s "Back To Back"
Chris Christie is too Thirsy Gov. Chris Christie ramped up his tough talk on foreign policy on Monday, calling...
Hillary Clinton's email server did not hurt national security, Obama says
2 Newt makes sense: Check out "The Gingrich Plan: Newt Lays Out A Bold Vision For Combating Obama" at
Obama had a very contentious interview with '60 Minutes'
Trump "We have much bigger problems than climate change." Really?! #fuckingidiot
Obama on Putin in Syria: My definition of leadership would be leading on climate\xffchange
Imma miss Obama man
. gave President Obama the gift we ALL want:
_Gorelioni: The irony is the Obama Administration could have negotiated for the release of US citizens held by Iran. #FreeJason
How the controversy over drug prices could take down Obama's massive trade deal #TPP #TPPA #public
Republicans Seething As President Obama Finally Erases Bushs $1.4 Trillion Deficit Mess. | Greenville Gazette
Obama Says Hillarys Email Use Was Mistake, Not National Security Problem #tcot #pjnet #p2
Another disrespectful, attack dog interview from @60minutes hack #stevekroft and the #kochbros news network
I know of people like that, don't you? but I think Obama is referring to not same as I am.
Liberal Logic! Obama has no Idea about anything but he has an opinion on all of it. What is that opinion? It's the Republ
I LOVE OBAMA SO MUCH
Obama had a very contentious interview with '60 Minutes' via #Libusters
Comment: Barack Obama is under pressure, at home and abroad, to restore the image of US strength
Like any rookie interviewer our President does rather talk over his interview subject.
it'll be obama throw out the pitch and harry on the billboard singing the 7th inning strech
Obama has an incredible reaction when 60 Minutes says Putin is challenging his leadership via _politics
Obama tosses Hillary UNDER THE BUS, says questions about email scandal are LEGITIMATE, needs to answer to public
FYI -&gt; Obama DOJ Sues Des Planes, Ill. for Refusing to Rezone to Accommodate Islamic Temple: via
#GunSense Obama says NRA is the challenge in passing new gun laws #nra #gunrights #2a
Obama thinks it\'s unlikely "classic reality TV character" will be president
It\'s going to take generations to unfuck the destruction wrought by Obama\'s "leadership" \r\r
As Putin Gains Power in Middle East, Obama Touts "Leadership" on Climate Change...
Oh, thank Obama! We are saved! 1313
01 Petraeus pissed off Obama, that's the difference.
#golf: "Where will Obama play his post-Presidency golf? Let the ... -
. and _Robinson are heading to the White House to help the Obamas celebrate the arts:
Is this Random the same as Obama's Random regarding people in a certain Paris deli?
Steve Kroft is goading President Obama on 60 Minutes and putting words in his mouth. So far, a bad interview on Kroft's par
67: It really kills you that #Obama has been elected President twice and you NEVER will be, huh, ?
Err Obama "Politicized" In$urance: Healthcare Illness: Ebola Flu Weather: called it Climate Disruption Guns: mental illness
Under Reagan, Median Household income rose $4,000+ Under Obama, its fallen $3000+ Explain how trickle down doesn't work?
michelle obama listens to confident by demi lovato and so should you
u want these guns? come and get em Obama. [gets easily fuckin killed by government forces in the middle of my hungry man dinner]
Our peace partners acc to Messrs Obama and Kerry.
Putin Mocks #Obama For Massive Syrian Arms Drop: Should Have Given Me The $500 Million #tcot
Carson's Wife Just Showed Us Why People Are Calling Her 'The Anti-Michelle Obama'
Yes eff Obama, he is the epitome of it what it means to be a coon!
Watching LIVE on #Periscope: President Obama Playing the 18th Hole
_W_Global: The White House, Barack Obama: Abolish Kill Shelters in the United States via
Obama Won\'t Back Down After Chinese Threat, Sends U.S. Warships To Contested Islands In "Matter Of Days" vv0Za4fx
Why this Former Obama Supporter is Backing Trump[VIDEO] via
- Yes, Mr. President! I am ready to destroy your enemy, chimpanzees Obama!
67: I am shocked you didn't enjoy the Obama interview.
Calling Obama a Weakling, Chris Christie Says He Would Shoot Down Russian Planes Over Syria via NYT Politics
Michelle Obama Christens Navy's New Submarine: USS Illinois (SSN 786), the 13th submarine of the U.S. Navys V...
After Obamas terrible Iran deal and appeasement, am dismayed but unsurprised by Tehrans conviction of Jason Rezaian. A trave
Good to know b/c I thought Obama produced more methane than bulls do :-)
_razor climate change is BS and so is #Obama we need this dipshit out of office now
Brazen. Our legal experts compiled a list of 7 times Obama ignored the law to impose his executive will.
Every hardworking American should earn enough money to support their family #StartTheConvo
1029: Gov. Brown should go to prison for violating the Constitution. Same should happen to Obama.
President Barack Obama: America is a safer place. #LIAR #RefugeesNotWelcome #60minutes #illegalimmigration
President Obama Marilynne Robinson: A Conversation in Iowa by Barack Obama and Marilynne Robinson
Poll: Who wants Obama impeached and Trump in the White House right now?
Barack Obama's new single: Back to Back
One of the best things about this interview with Marilynne Robinson is it shows what a man of ideas Obama really is:
7: Steve Kroft was particularly disrespectful during the interview with Let Pres. Obama finish a sentence! Not cool
4News: Last month said he wanted to run for president in 2020. Here's Barack Obama's advice to him:
_tribune: OUTRAGE: Obama Forces Federal Prisons to Remove ALL Of This Item His Reason Is #tcot
Pharrell Endorses Hillary Clinton for President: "Women think about things in a holistic way"
Iranians Assad get along fine w/Russia-You are supposed to know what's going on you're OK w/ISIS Obama killing Assad?
#firstlady \'s spotify list for #dayofgirl has TLC\'s "No Scru on it. Props Mrs. Obama. Props.
Obama: 'I've Been Skeptical From the Get-Go' About Training the Syrian Opposition ... RIGHTTTTT - See more at:
_jewels: Mainstream Media Finally Called Out Obama He Did NOT Like It 12 6
Obama has some words of wisdom for Kanye West about running for president...
First Draft: Calling Obama a Weakling, Chris Christie Says He Would Shoot Down Russian Planes Over Syria
Dont ever be afraid to ask for help. The First Ladys advice to readers: #DayOfTheGirl
In '60 Minutes' Interview, Obama Lies, Obfuscates, Muddles Facts on Ukraine - See more at:
See Obama's biggest White House fails via #OBAMA
#NYT: First Draft: Calling Obama a Weakling, Chris Christie Says He Would Shoot Down Russian Pl... #p2 #topprog
The Tragic Ending To Obama's Bay Of Pigs: CIA Hands Over Syria To Russia |
1 33 214 Obama's JV Jihadi Team!
President Obama Apologies to 'Doctors Without Borders' Over U.S. Airstrike on Afghan Hospital Us President, Ba
From one President to a potential President
37: 'We're doomed': Putin may have troops in Syria and Ukraine, but Obama leads where it counts ... Paris
VIDEO: Sheriff Clarke Drops 7-Word Bombshell About Obama's Gun Confiscation... Completely NAILS It
. #OBAMA is weak! @60Minutes #Putin #Iran know it! .
Obama is such a loser
FROM EW: Michelle Obama's New Playlist Is All About Empowering Women #celebrity #gossip
Obama's so cool for his Kanye comments
55 @10thAmendment Who Will Save Middle East Christians: Obama or Putin?
Bernie Sanders Is Exceeding Obama #039;s Historic 2008 Run in Crowds, Donors and ... - AlterNet #sanders
prisoners held by Iran,reporter who has had a sham trial,no sentence. Iran states willing to discuss release if we release Terrorists,Obama!
Obamas Pacific Trade Agreement Will Harm Worlds Poor, Stunt Development of New Drugs
Obama Visits Oregon One Week After Mass Shooting
LIVE on #Periscope: #Tunein to the #BryanCrabtree show on #biz1190 #DonaldTrump #Obama #DekalbCount
Why is obama's DOD planning to ditch the Hogs?...cuase terrorist shit their pant if A10s apear???????!!!!!!!!!
Iran Openly Flouts Obama, Launches New Ballistic Missile
Obama can't even tell the truth on his golf scores
Obama Just Weighed In On Hillary's Email Scandal-- 7 123 1
@1stbornAmerican: Most GA Republicans preserving GOP victory to #EndExIm - what even Obama described as corporate welfare. #gapol
Imagine u flashed Obama during his speech and he does this
5 Obama Scandals The Mainstream Press Is Ignoring #IBDEditorials via
. One thing's for sure, there is no Kissinger in the #Obama administration - #HenryKissinger we're missing yer!
Thanks Obama
1936 Obama will cover it all up.
Not for long. Bernie eclipses Obama surge in crowds, volunteers, donors, polls. #BernieRevolution
Trump wont be President: Obama: U.S. President Barack Obama stated that it was unlikely that Donald Trump wil...
Thanks Obama.
Obama, Wright, Farrakhan: brothers from another mother.
Barack Obama - Back To Back (Spoof) | New Video #WSHH via
BREAKING: Obama's DOJ to Make Terrifying Move on Oct 30, 2015... We Are in DANGER #UniteBlue #StopRush
Obama has a "SOCIALIST" Uncle!
Will the Obama administration now focus on desegregating schools?
Watch: Obama Was Just Asked About Trump--Here's The 4 Words He Summed Donald Up With
Obama stands firm against lifting oil export ban despite potential economic benefits via
President Obama has weighed in on the whole #Kanye2020 thing
Obama IS the enemy within.
How Obama views strength
_Francois: This is the mentality (or lack there of) that we are dealing with! NOTICE the Obama sign in the yard!
The NRAs Desperation Grows As Obama Is Winning the PR War on Gun Laws #UniteBlue
Omg. My sister is in so much trouble omg Obama
Hillary is unelectable Obama even said she made MISTAKE WITH EMAILS and has to account for it DONE HILLARY DONE
Marilynne Robison Interviews President Obama #examinet
He truly is the coolest president! "A Conversation in Iowa by Barack Obama and Marilynne Robinson" via
@2AFight: Shorter #Obama speech #PJNET #tgdn #tcot #ccot #RedNationRising #teaparty #LYNHBT #UniteRight
Michelle Obama Releases List Of Her 20 Favorite Songs
_TX: Obama said nation has been 'inactive' on gun legislation. WRONG. Texas EXPANDED gun rights with Open Carry #guns ht
2015: Hillary is unelectable Obama even said she made MISTAKE WITH EMAILS and has to account for it DONE HILLARY DONE
Another accessory to murder Obama. What a surprise.
Robinson: The basis of democracy is the willingness to assume well about other people.
Obama Will Be the Only Person Sticking to Iran Deal:
Pres.Obama tells @60Minutes Putin will do anything to prop up Syrian leader Assad even if hurts Russian economy
5SOS i prefer obama's playlist tbh
Why r political reporters so clueless.The Obama coalition is the demcratic party.Youth 4 Bernie minorities 4 clinton
CHENEY INDICTED, OBAMA LET'S BUSH GET AWAY!
Bipartisan Consensus: Obama blew it on Syria.
Watch: Obama Was Just Asked About Trump #8211;Here #8217;s The 4 Words He Summed Donald Up With
Waiting for Kanye to reply Obama
_1791: Obama success-story Yemen tells Jews to convert, self-deport or 'risk being killed'
Obama says: Duh, Steve Kroft, if Putin took the lead in fighting Global Warming, yes, he would then be the world leader and not me anymore.
Obama is a traitor!
Barrack Obama: Trump is not my Successor: United States President, Barack Obama is quiet certain of one thing ...
Obama Pope look like they about to drop the biggest mixtape of 2015
Obama Putin compromise on one thing: Ros\x82 wine after Labor Day
#DeleteOne 1. Obama 2. Putin
Obama is the LEADER of #ISIS
Trump knocks Obama's '60 Minutes' interview (One again, Trump steps up)
#1DImSorryFor shipping harry with obama
If one Syrian immigrant does a bomb vest in the United States, does anyone believe Obama will take responsibility?
7 Most Delusional Obama Statements During the 60 Minutes Interview: (via) #60minutes
Father of UCC shooting victim barred from WH meeting with Obama.
Islamic State Seizes U.S. Missiles in Iraq.. Hussein Obama's FAILED foreign policies again that could cost...
@7piliers: A Country Asks Its Citizens to Fund Humanitarian Aid asks, is it a cop-out'
Hes just showing the Dem. party far from perfect.Plenty of dems believe the same.Notice Obama hasnt axed ColumbusDay
Intriguing first half of a conversation between and Marilyn Robinson in New York Review of Books.
President Obama defends Clinton over private email server blames controversy on politics. #Unit
4 Things We Learned About President Obama When He Interviewed Marilynne Robinson: The New York Review of Books...
OBAMA GONE 2016 #MakeMondayBetterIn3Words
The Impending Collision Of Obamas Failures via #OBAMA #OBAMAFAIL
A special delivery for Obama from Kanye West.
Absolutely incredible. The gap between Obama and the people who want to replace him is downright depressing.
Drakes Back To Back Used In Barack Obama Donald Trump Spoof: Donald Trump dubbed the DJ Khaled of lies ...
michelle obama's first ever playlist features beyonc\x82, tlc and mary j. blige
Sheriff Clarke: If Obama Wants to Disarm People, He Should Start with His Security Staff - #Dis
One of the perks of being POTUS, Kim Kardashian sends you sneakers:
Obama is me
Also, this hoary chestnut needs to be retired, after 7 long years. It ain't 1817, ffs.
_Legion: First Lady Michelle Obama's Day of the Girl Playlist Features Beyonc\x82's 'Run The World':
I heard this. Obama is an absolute moronic devotee of the religion of climate change.
8ysl: #right Obama Admin Announces Pork Ban, Sparks Widespread Internet Outrage #pjnet #tcot\xff#ccot
"Let there be no doubt that Islam is part of America" Obama. But v Rape of women is Islam.
Putin exposes Obama's paid mercenaries in Syria. Even the Sheeple must get it now!
Christie: Americans 'disgusted' with Obama's foreign policy
New trending story from TIME: Listen to Michelle Obamas Girl-Power Spotify Playlist
RAND PAUL TELLS US THE TRUTH "CIA FUNDED ISIS UNDER OBAMA ADMIN TO PROMOTE MORE WAR IN MIDDLE EAST"
Hope fades on Obamas vow to bring troops home before presidency ends.
Impeach Loretta Lynch! Obama Attorney General Submits Americans to Global Police Force
even Obama knows what's up ;) #EMABiggestFansJustinBieber
Appeals Court Blocks EPA Water Rule Nationwide via
Obama Has Given Up - by -
Obama announced months ago to "close" Guantanamo now. Justice is hard to find as the indefinite detention continues. #GitmO
You would think after the Dow hit over 18,000 the middle class would see more money in their paycheck. Did you? #tcot #news #tpp
President 'Zero F*cks Left' Obama Shuts Down Hostile Interviewer With A Touch Of Class (VIDEO): via
IMAGE: Obama and Hillary - A love of Islam! #nobama #hillary #noislam #islamisevil #nosharia #nohihad
Trump fires back at Obama for saying he won't be president:
20152015: They are 'moderates'...roll eyes! Bloody Cameron and gormless Obama. Putin will be shaking his head at these idiots
There are Americans who believe Obama should be arrested for treason. Are you one? #tcot #PJNET #LNYHBT #TeaParty
OK. We dropped 50 tons of ammo to someone. What did the 60 other 'Obama coalition countries' do in the meantime?
Yep, Obama gelded 60 Minutes' Steve Kroft with one sentence in only 60 Seconds!
Very excited to be back conquering Japan as Obama.
If Obama confiscated 100% of the wealth of every billionaire in the world, he would get only 5 of the $8 Trillion he borrowe
President Obama and Pulitzer Prize recipient Marilynne Robinson: A Conversation in Iowa
A new reality will become clear at the Democratic primary debate: Its not Obamas party anymore
The Obama administration: chief legal counsel for the Islamic Republic of Iran #legacy
Articles: Obama's War on Black Education
_Digital: Whoa: Black man at Trump rally goes OFF on Obama- That Black Terrorist Thug Broke My Heart.
does Obama even know where Iran is?
Obama on 60 Minutes = 1/2 Black Lies Matter
Obama\'s rules against the coal industry are "death by a thousand cuts"
Wall Street hits record highs but nothing for the middle class. Just more stimulus juicing a fake stock market that does nothing.
70: Bowe Bergdahl is going to walk on desertion aiding the enemy Thanks to the Obama admin pro Muslim Islam views. htt
Is it cool for #SethRogen to say "F*** #BenCarson? Is it #Racist? What if he had said F #Obama? Call NOW with opinions 888-
says POTUS claims H Emails pose no security threat. Obama who said Iran Deal was solid. Today they're firing rockets.
#US #USA #Obama Will Be the Only Person Sticking to #Iran #Nuclear #Deal:
Saying that "Republicans divide America" when Obama inflamed racism, started the war on cops, and caused massive tensio
Why Clintons Foreign Policy Would Be More Continuity Than Change From Obama
Obama Administration and UN Announce GLOBAL POLICE FORCE to Fight Extremism IN US CITIES
BREAKING: Leaked Benghazi Docs Directly Implicate Barack H. Obama... Spread This Everywhere via
. interviews Marilynne Robinson for :
Putin flicks Obama off his shoulder like a speck of dirt because of Obama's impotent decisions and insufferable arrogance Embarrassing
Obama failing to check Russian imperialism, former CIA head: Russia an empire looking to expand via
__cote: While is working w Suzanne Farrell, Emma paid Obama a little visit. #washingtondc #perfect day!
You think Obama cares if the American people can't afford to live? That fool wants to juice Wall Street with more debt! #tcot #tpp
Iran continues to tweak the feckless Obama. Shame on you Obama for your yellow streak of leadership.
I added a video to a playlist Obama Swears Oregon Wanted Him There But They Say HELL NO
Listen to Michelle Obamas Girl-Power Spotify\xffPlaylist
As Sen. Obama\'s 2008 letter to Iran via Amb. Bill Miller "I am your friend" speaks volumes.
President Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama
Democratic voters want the next president to continue Obamas policies #DemDebate
Marilynne Robinson Interviews President Obama
OBAMA STILL BOLDLY CONFIDENT ABOUT FAILED SYRIA POLICY Fake it till you make it isn't a great plan for the White...
I liked a video Obama Swears Oregon Wanted Him There But They Say HELL NO
8ysl How about an Obama ban?
Obama playing black ops II
Obama Admin Announces Pork Ban, Sparks Widespread Internet Outrage via
Barack Obama advocates case for gun control during fundraising speeches - the guardian
#OBAMA, you're weak. Lack of leadership has put #America in jeopardy on many levels! @60Minutes
() ! Marilynne Robinson Interviews President Obama
Obama is no Reagan--doesnt take a degree to know that.
Both Obama and republicans worked hard getting more taxpayers money to wall street. Hope you enjoy getting played? #tcot #news
and yet #Hillary #Obama th Administration continued to publicly blame th attack on a video [3/5] #openbook #Benghazi
If u a prisoner in Iran, who would get you out, Obama? Hillary? ask 4 there right now #nolabels #Trump2016 #Trump
_Francois: Black TRUMP Supporter Goes Off at Trump Rally: Obama Has Failed Us. Were Taking Back America
He's just getting started: Obama Has Given Up -
Obama Eats Salmon, Ignores Chinese Navy Provocation in Alaska American Thinker -
will be live on Neil Cavuto at 4pm tom. He backed Trump along with another saying he was picked on Obama knows shit
&gt;&gt;&gt; #Obama just airlifted 50 TONS OF AMMO to radical jihadists in #Syria Time to #impeach
WSJ Reporter: Obamas 60 Minutes Interview Shows Hes Not Happy With Clintons Private...
Obama has a strange idea of peace.... I guess in a technical aspect, a cemetery is a peaceful place......
Unlike this glorious family, the Obama's: 2007, NY Times, Obama Had Slave owning Kin:
Seems sensible to me. Doesn't go nearly far enough in my opinion, but it's a start.
Dow was under 500 in 1970 people had benefits with free health care and full retirement. Now they got shit with Dow 18,000.
Boehner says after Iran\'s Rezaian verdict Obama "needs to think long and hard before moving forward" on Iran nuclear deal.
Webb is a fucking Republican. He will never get Obama coalition n I bet he will attach Obama at the debate.
_Has_Failed: Shep "The dick" Smith wants \'specifics\' from Trump where he would cut Gov\'t, but still hasn\'t seen Obama\'s grades
Obama: 'Yes' I Would Win If I Ran For President Again (I Couldn't Have More Contempt For The Man - But I'll Try)
4prez: Donald trump really said Obama is the worst president in history...we have had presidents who owned slaves...
Welcome To Tari Taribo's Blog: Pics: President Obama Gives 2020 Presidential Cand...
KNOW THIS, Every time Hussein obama says ISIL, it an insult to Israel. That's the only reason this Admin. does it. obama i
On Obama, Cameron, Merkel and Hollande's watches. Just horrible. mPN
9 Not just trolls. More mainstream media figures are speaking out. Even Obama has spoke out against extremists.
If you think Obama is crazy, this will prove you're right!
Obama and Writers Workshop prof Marilynne Robinson talk books, democracy and Christianity: The New York Review of ht
Obama UN Create Global Police Force Based On Sharia Law via
THR: Obama's struggles with Columbus Day (EXAMINER)
So Obama says #Trump will never be President NOW IMAGINE IF GW Bush had said that of Obama back in 2007 - Liberals take
Grieving Friend Shares What Was in the Speech Oregon Shooting Survivor Prepared for Obama #tcot
Biggest Protest Seen In Years - 1/4 Million Germans Protest Obama "Free Trade" Deal
_Francois: Blacks are increasingly FED UP WITH OBAMA!
Barack Obama, Paul Krugman, and my wife think you can spend your way to prosperity.
Iran's action are designed to embarass a slap in the face to OBAMA. Well done Iran. Mission accomplished
A Big Victory for the Mullahs: Obama Will Be the Only Person Sticking to Iran Deal
519: OMG this man, our POTUS! Pres. Obama Marilynne Robinson: A Conversation in Iowa by Barack Obama Marilynne Robinson
Vox squees about Obama's 'sick burn' of Russian president
US government is abandoning health insurance co-ops because Obama loves for-profit insurance companies.
Iran laughs and Obama and Kerry knowing both are Cowards and Iran can walk over their ignorance.
Y'all president Obama is a fine man
Joins Obama to Revive 1960s-Style Crime-Raising Reforms release violent criminals back to the streets
Why does Obama keep saying he's gonna get a 3rd term
Currently reading Obama Bans Pork from Prisons, CAIR Praises Decision Anything 4 muslims no matter where r by o
In Barack Obama #8217;s Army . . .
Rah is carrying on the Obama policy of blaming the police. They're fueling the war on the police. #BlueLivesMatter
Obamas ex-pastor: Israel is apartheid state, Jesus was a Palestinian
2015 _ I think Obama is far better. Building hotels and having hair transplant is not politics.
ell I know your going to love this but obama acorn sharpton jackson barney Frank etc had large part in mortgage
1-President Barack Obama is a #Faction3 #WhiteKnight a member of #ACIO Thread #RiseUpOctober #Syria #Putin #Xi
Hope fades on Obamas vow to bring troops home before presidency ends
2012: The NRAs Desperation Grows As Obama Is Winning the PR War on Gun Laws #UniteBlue
Obama slaps down '60 Minutes' reporter's claim that Vladimir Putin is ... - Raw Story
Obama: Donald Trump is a "classic reality TV character"
President Obama has responded to more than 10 different mass shooting during his seven years in office.
Obama says Hillary Clinton email server 'a mistake', but denies national security compromised via
The Tragic Ending To #Obama's Bay Of Pigs: CIA Hands Over #Syria To Russia , leading w/ his head up his ass
US government deporting Central American migrants to their deaths | US news | The Guardian
Went to get my car inspected this morning. Saw a set of Barack Obama car air freshener for sale. Should've got a pic #OnlyInTheHood
Obama ends up asking questions about Christianity during sit down with a novelist.
Kanye West Gifted President Obama With Two Pairs of Yeezy Boosts via
God help us. Obama is a blithering idiot. #ClimateChange #MeanwhileGenocide
Donald Trump Gets Burned In This Hilarious Obama Diss Track Parody huff.to
The fact that our towns youth is who welcomed Obama speaks loudly. #standtall #welcomeobama #UCCStrong
EPA unleashes health-hammering ozone rules; it may be incompetence overseas, but in USA, President Obama intends...
I know Iran is bad and Putin is bad, but I'm liking them slapping Obama's face. Someone needs too. #obamasucks
_A: Ross: "My concern about #Obama is that he never asks anything about the #Palestinians. He gives them complete pass."
President Obama A Conversation In Iowa Barack Obama And : ....
Okay I like #Obama for this F #KanyeWest sorry not sorry
@10News: President Obama's San Diego visit ends. Watch him board Air Force One at MCAS Miramar
26uk And I have Obama on speed dial
357 ...And many now have the audacity to display this kind of heinous behavior, since Obama began demonizing Law Enforcement...
Guys, that Obama quote about more religious people being "suspicious of those not like them" has another word in it
Obastard Drops 50 Tons of Ammo to Jihadists Fighting Russia and Syrian Army
I'm sure Obama will give up on what he sees as his legacy to save an American \r\r \r
Obama Tells 60 Minutes He Could Win A Third Term, But Says He Won't Run...Watch Surprisingly
Russian News Openly Mocks Obama | BB4SP
Obama is getting almost as bad at trying to explain and justify his failures as he is good at failing. #WakeUpAmercia
I'm excited for the 2017 bidding war between , for the Obama Post-Presidency Podcast.
Republicans Seething As President Obama Finally Erases Bushs $1.4 Trillion Deficit Mess.
HAPPENING NOW, Steve and Krista break down President Obama's 60 Minutes interview.
_GAMES: Obama fixed this economy why does Wall Street need more stimulus?Did Obama lie about fixing this economy? He's useless!
President Obama drops sick beats and disses for Trump via 'Back to Back'
Listen to Michelle Obamas Girl-Power Spotify Playlist #mfjs2140
President 'Zero F*cks Left' Obama Shuts Down Hostile Interviewer With A Touch Of Class (VIDEO):
This is what Obama wants to bring to the US.... a bunch of freeloading roaches... they're not being persecuted...
300: People be like Fredo why I never see u drive ...... Do u ever see Obama drive ? Ok do the math
Even Republicans? You talk a great game Obama...but 7 years in and you still haven't learned how to play nicely.
Barack Hussein Ignored #ISIL Intel For A Year, Watched It Grow - #IBDEditorials
As Putin Gains Power in Middle East, President Obama Touts "Leadership" on Climate Change.
999: ISIS, al Qaeda all things Islamic Terrorizing are clapping with glee. Thanks, Obama.
_: Obama has made the US look like a sheep with his many acts of Treason and being a huge Coward.
Michelle Obama releases playlist of anthems for International Day of the Girl
will it be as truthful as your video claiming you were blocked by Obama? Thing is if you lie, you are a liar, by definition
ICBM launches, Washington Post reporter convicted of espionage. IMHO Iran is humiliating President Obama smh
Obama's #ColumbusDay balancing act: praising European explorers vs. plight of indigenous ppl
I second that. There is a lot of false propaganda on the internet against #BernieSanders. He has is not enemy of Obama.
@2AFight: #Obama's UNILATERAL disregard for law sets scary precedent for future presidents: #ImpeachObama #tcot #
4L: Obama is sending missiles to Muslim radicals in Syria. What could possibly go wrong? #Brilliant
Pissed Off Obama
Obama Still Boldly Confident About Failed Syria Policy | Frontpage Mag
Call on Congress to give Sharanda Jones a second chance by supporting her clemency petition to President Obama
Listen to Michelle Obamas Girl-Power Spotify Playlist #americanmainstream news #feedly
Americans Are Feeling Pretty Glum About Obama and the Economy
There was plenty said in last night's 60 Minutes interview that should scare any security-minded American.
Obama had a pretty sick burn mocking Putin\'s "leadership".
A widening gap between Clinton and Obama.
50: Why? Father of Oregon shooting victim says Secret Service blocked him from seeing Obama
Nawaz knows one job makevmoney do riggingPM to take up issue of stalled Indo-Pak dialogue with Obama: Sartaj Aziz
A Shifting Approach to Saving Endangered Species When the Obama administration announced .... h
BREAKING: Obama administration says Iran's ballistic missile test 'likely' violated U.N. resolution
just another reason why you should love obama
Must Watch: Gichuru hosts Dr. Auma Obama on Africa Leadership Dialogues at 10.15 PM
_emojis: " _m26: I\'m logging off Twitter "Obama- Back to Back freestyle" lmao to funny
Another foreign policy failure for the Obama administration: Pentagon training for Syrian rebels ends.
Obama: Clinton???s Private Server Didn???t Harm National Security #US #politics
Hmm..and yet Obama says..he is "fighting" Isis..I think saying he is committing treason is being kind at this point
Ted Cruz jokes that Romney was such a squish in 2012 that he made out with Obama #allPolitics
76 I like Obama but come on, why is he encouraging a nut job like Kanye?
Spoof: Barack Obama - Back to Back
Inside the White House decision that ifyou give the FBI a back door into encryption, you've given the world one.
President Obama is currently listening to Watch Me (Whip/Nae Nae) by Silento
Obama wants gun control, when he's supporting ISIS w/ weapons!!! Hypocrisy at it's finest! #Disarm Obama
We lost some good patriots due to an AWOL traitor! #Bergdahl and #Obama are both guilty of treason! #Patriotfollowtrain
The president's military is a now place where traitors receive a hero's welcome and heroes get the heave-ho.
Obama: Putin Is Not 'Challenging' My 'Leadership':
Obama's troubling Cuba legacy Republican American
Former Clinton/Obama Official - Larry Summers: Global economy is heading for a big fall #jobs #eco
_analysis: 26 Things About #ISIS Obama Does Not Want You to Know About "The #US led war against the Islami
@_billyhunda30: None of us are President Obama NONE of these raggedy ass bitches is the 1st Lady
Obama just bombed an Afghan hospital, who shall we blame for that?
Clinton Says Kim Davis Deserved Jail | Fix This Nation .com via With this logic, Jail for Obama Clinton
Obama's ambition to get ahead and m
Pres Obama considering EXC Order on gun background checks. Do it Mr. President.
Barack Obama - "Back to Back" ( Spoof) hahah this is rich
Obama is a cool looking dude. Beware of cool looking dudes.
It's amazing how #Obama's Gun Laws work in Chicago.
Why is #obama saying his aim is to destroy ISIS whilst still sending them ammo?? Who is he trying to fool? #Corrupt
Obama's a joke, yeah right we gotta trust em....if we leave it to Obama, UGH!!!
#cyberwar {encryption, cyberdeterrence, wek, obama, apple, wasn,} +23 fotos
1249: Wont Someone Please Clean up after Obama?: Not long after I took a job in San Francisco, during the late eigh...
#Obamas ex-pastor: #Israel is #apartheid state, #Jesus was a #Palestinian #Palestine #Crisis
93065: Profiling... Don't worry peeps, Obama has got this one down.
The Marc Maron of books is... President Obama?
Obama is poised to take action to shine light on dark money. Tell him he has your support:
Time to stop playing nice in the House Senate...PUT BILLS ON OBAMA'S DESK MAKE HIM MAKE HARD CHOICES FOR A CHANGE!#RedNa
President Obama is currently listening to Cool For The Summer by Demi Lovato
Listen to Michelle Obamas Girl-Power Spotify Playlist #News _
MT : #TedCruz to Obama: STOP FINANCING ISLAMIC RADICAL TERRORISM... #NoIranDeal #Cr
Iran finds Jason Rezaian guilty. Washington Post calls it \'injustice\' And Obama pushes a nuclear "deal" with these lying bastards!
Huge Network | #Congress Hope fades on Obamas vow to bring troops home before #WashingtonPost #News #HNN
Barack Obama - Back To Back (Spoof)
Obama loses his cool as he is challenged on 'embarrassment' in Syria via
Since the Civil War, has America ever been more fractured than she is NOW? All a plan of the Divider-in-Chief, obama. #WakeUpAmerica
A brief review of the president's most bizarre contentions last night: Obama Has Given Up
92: Obama Wasn't Calling For #GunControl When A Muslim Killed 4 Marines In Chattanooga... #JuSayin #tcot
(IBD) So Why Can't Obama Admit #ISIS Beheaded Christians? - #IBDeditorials - -
Obama's Dept for Implementing #ClimateFRAUD And Destroying the Environment Spends Millions on Military-Style Weapons
143: KING Obama MAD at #60minutes HE So Wanted to Feed Kroft to The Lions! LOL
Obama reads this post.. Then eyeballs his Nobel piece prize
Give me a Break: Look What Obama Just Said About a THIRD TERM... -
The Daily Caller
On 60 Minutes Obama said 2017 would be time for him to step down,,,as George Washington did. (Washington did it by choice,
Obama already has a school in Pittsburgh! #whatsayyou #wsy #gfy
Christie: Obama Is A Weakling Who Got Pushed Around By CBS Interviewer Steve Kroft[VIDEO]
Fake it till you make it isn't a great plan for the White House #Obama #Syria #Russia
Barack Obama tells Africa to stop blaming colonialism for problems - (Re: US assassination of Patrice Lumumba)
Bernie Sanders Is Exceeding Obama's Historic 2008 Run in Crowds, Donors, and Polling.
Michelle Obama Made A Girl Power Playlist And It's Incredible #news #politics #health #ent
@81d3e30828f2471 99 The majority elected President Obama twice.
even if you don't like Obama, you gotta give the guy props for being a president with a good sense of humor
"Michelle Obama is JUST married to the president!!"
President Obama has now played 256 rounds of golf while in office:
And then Obama wonders why people doubt his Christianity.
WAKE UP AMERICAN CHRISTIANS!! Under OBAMA'S U.S. Leadership they Usher in a New Age of Christian Martyrdom!! #tcot
Central American migrants face threat of violence after deportation from US Confusing!Deporting undocumented immigr
_KayXXX My teeth are like Obama's house in Washington but I still gave them a follow
#Iran: #HumanRights: What needs to be done to stop executions rights abuse? #IranTalks #IranDeal #Obama #Paris
#keyandpeele had obama anger translator. rick has morgan. he was translating to the alexandrians. #TWDSeason6Premiere #TWD #TheWalkingDead
. says #roseburg trip about condolences -- protesters disagree- : "go golf" and "Obama go home" #LiveOnk2
NOT WELCOME! #RoseburgOregon Residents Stun #Obama With Unexpected Message #ImpeachObama
Honestly, when Obama says his idea of leadership is fighting climate change, don't you think, somewhere, Putin is laugh
President Obama: Hillary Clintons Email Server Is a Legitimate Issue, But Its Getting Politicized Or Something.
Barack Obama is so handsome
President Obama Gives Advice For Kanye West Running In 2020 While Taking A Jab At Donald Trump!
Ted Cruz on Obama's Release of Violent Alien Criminals: 'If I Am Elected ...
In 2009, President Obama told Africans to stop blaming colonialism for its problems.
President Obama is currently listening to Can't Feel My Face by The Weeknd
SNL Promotes Obama's Gun Control Agenda | Daily Wire
_frank: Democrats shout down with America. Why isn't Obama and leading democrats ask to denounce those words? Just asking?
Boehner on Rezaian verdict: Obamas gamble that a nuclear deal would lead to a more responsible Iran has already failed.
RE: The Obama's interview ..Barack should be thanking Putin for doing the job with direct action against ISIS ..How about we work with him?
Obama Says Trump Wont Be Next President Of US, Describes Him As Classic Reality
5wired97 our money's funny, and our credit won't get it. PLZ SIGN.
@10thAmendment Putin's Holy War vs. Obama's Jihad in Syria
_MarcB: Obama back to back freestyle
President Obama heads to Oregon, where the gun nuts are waiting:
#right Watch: Obama Said Trump Wouldnt Be President, So Trump Just #pjnet #tcot\xff#ccot
Joke or not I think obama finished kanye west with those words
notice Obama said "leave it to the pundits" (not the people) #wtf
Obama faces court battle over executive action on guns:
Currently reading Obama Bans Pork from Prisons, CAIR Praises Decision
Thx Obama! Coming from a 54 yr old woman, laid off in 2008 hasn't been able to find a decent job since.
President Obama Named 'Most Admired Man In The World' And The GOP Is FUMING
obama's favorite kpop group is bap he has been a baby since warrior era and his bias is rap god bang yongguk
1) promise Obamacare repeal 2) get elected 3) shutdown gov't 4) blame Obama 5) promise O'care
26 Things About #ISIS Obama Does Not Want You to Know About "The #US led war against the Islamic State is a big lie"
#Breaking: Obama admin says Iran's ballistic missile test likely violated U.N. resolution but not nuclear deal
Michelle Obama releases girl-anthem music playlist to celebrate International Day of the Girl
Lol great post only jv Obama is a varsity sociopath 1963
(Hello mr.Obama I really want to meet you I'm a 11 year old girl and I would like to talk a bout
Nobel Peace Prize winner starting WW111 by giving ISIS help. TRAITOR! OBAMA IS COMMITTING TREASON. #Syria
Obama's Stupefying 60 Minutes Interview
The dude who did that bck to bck with Obama yea that shit was cold af lmao
Obama bowed to other leaders multiple times, this is a sign of subordinates , leaders don't bow to leaders
#cybersecurity Obama Won't Force Encryption Backdoors In Devices #infosec
CNN won't pit Dems against each other in Tuesday's debate Obama media (Jake Tapper) strikes again.
Bye bye bacon. Obama bans pork from federal prison system. CAIR praises decision. Islamofavoritism?
713: now we have a show.......Watch: The Mainstream Media Finally Called Out Obama, And He Did NOT Like It
417: Popular Liberal Site Publishing HIT LIST For All Those Who Oppose Obama'sMuslim Invasion 401 via
#Malaysia is ready to show President Obama what we have #Obama #Malaysia
Obamas admin has PROSECUTED COUNTLESS for VIOLATING NATL SECRET PROTOCOL now he says is just a mistake
Putin crushed Isis ... Weak Obama talking !!!
. Gresham OREGON 8th Grader Suspended for Wearing PATRIOTIC Shirt to School-Thanks Obama! VIDEO:
Obama looked good on 60 minutes but I can't wait for,the orange jump suit and say 60 years you will pay the real American people will
House Republicans Meltdown And Admit Defeat By Blaming Obama For Benghazi Probe -
"[P]eople are images of God. Theres no alternative...to treating people in terms of that understanding" (Robinson).
If Obama confiscated 100% of the wealth of every billionaire in the world, he would get only 5 of the $8 Trillion he borrowed in 6 years.
ENOUGH-Time 2 March ARMED on WH-OBAMA
Washington DC doesn't care about you! They gave wall street your money after raising the debt ceiling. #tcot #news #facebook #TPA
Obiano is giving up Biafra for second tenure under APC. Orders mass killing of Biafrans. Obama help biafrans.
my dads watching obama sing back to back
Stand up guy this Obama.....for the wrong team, meanwhile are inept media continues to ignore his incompetence.
The world, the UN, the EU and particularly Obama should be ashamed that they allow this filth to poison minds w/o condemnation.
Obama, liar n incompetent n left backed him now they want u 2believe in another liar n incompetent hil liar ry ,how stupid do they think u r
Obama: Clinton???s Private Server Didn???t Harm National Security: Obama tells "60 Minutes" questions about Clinton\'s email use are "...
Alert!! Obamas EPA Spends Millions On Military-Style Weapons via @
Obama is such a hipster
BEFORE OBAMA LEAVES OFFICE THEIR GOING TO RELEASE 10'S OF THOUSANDS. WATCH WHAT HAPPENS TO DRUG CRIMES IN CITIES AND VIOLENCE
Obama: No Religious Liberty!!
We surrendered reality the moment we pretended Obama's relationships w Wright, Ayers, Khalida meant nothing.
@3ChicsPolitico: Honor, Love, Respect. Pres Obama: Unless you're a Native American, you came frm someplace else. #IndigenousPeoplesDay h
Apparently Obama feels it is wrong for Christians to be "predisposed" to object to evil. Maybe that\'s why ISIS is succeeding.
Barack Obama, David Cameron and a secret present via to the end to see the special present
1204 Syria is at this point after 7 feckless Obama years I'm a skeptic about employing military force thinking it improves matters 2/2
Every place Obama says he's Proud of supporting Democracy is now under Sharia Christian Minorities r forced 2 convert 2 Islam
Jens S\x94ring is for 30 years innocent in US prison in Dillwyn. Dear President Barack Obama, Soering needs your help. Thank you.
no mention obama/marilynne robinson interview available free itunes nyr of books
1001: 66 The British Agent Obama Go Wild British Pilots Authorized to Shoot Down Russian Pla
Hot Barack Obama is cheaper than Atomic Heroes (TV series) #BusinessPlan
President Zero F*cks Left Obama Shuts Down Hostile Interviewer With A Touch Of Class (VIDEO)
Putin mocks Obama:"US should have given Russia $500 million instead.
Obama celebrates #ColumbusDay by being a jerk. Happy Columbus Day!
22i Tell your Dad to quit hating Obama buy yall headstones! #GoFundMe chingaderas! Ur not #GOP #Mojados
Obama tells '60 Minutes' he's going to stay the course on Syria - Washington Post
I wonder if Obama has seen it lmao
_alley: One word: Obama. He will be remembered across the Middle East for this. Not for his silly speech -&gt;
FLAYED. DEAL WITH IT.
If I were Obama I would hate myself so much that I'd do something huge to distract myself from myself.
. ribs for general squishiness: "I think in the third debate Romney actually walked over and kissed
Jerry Brown Angela Merkel Barack Obama George Bush David Cameron Benjamin Netanyahu All in the illuminati=NEW WORLD ORDER OLD CRAZYFUCKS
Former Clinton/Obama Official - Larry Summers: Global economy is heading for a big fall #jobs #economy
_GAMES Obama likes his money !
Hillary did make a deal with Obama in 2008. She got a jet, and unlimited credit card for years to fly around fleece the
Obamas Doctrine of Restraint
With a straight face, Obama asserts Putin is weak and no challenge #ukraine
Christie slams weakling Obama for foreign policy failures
Obama's Former Pastor Declares that Jesus Was Actually a Palestinian via
Obama: Clinton made mistake with emails, security not endangered
264: Obama's advice on Kanye's potential presidential campaign. #ThatsCray
: Boehner says after Iran\'s Rezaian verdict Obama "needs to think long and hard before moving forward" on
0bzfr3sh: Bars 101 _m26: I\'m logging off Twitter "Obama- Back to Back freestyle"
FOX Conservatives R JUST BUYING THE BS! Obama WANTS TRUMP 2 WIN! TRUMP IS 4 Single Payer #FoxNews
nwOryzen: In a Brief 12-Minute Speech #Obama Refers to Himself 28 Times!! Can You Spell #Narcissist?
20 Reasons Why It's Reasonable to Doubt Obama is a Christian | The Federalist Papers #UniteBlue #StopRush
Obama Won't Force Encryption Backdoors In Devices
Obama: Biden Is One Of The Finest Vice Presidents In History, And One Of The More Consequential vi
We Need a Fighter': Ben Carson on House Speaker Race, Obamas Trade Deal and Putins Middle East
Donald Trump Is Pushing An Obama Lie That Will Destroy The Republican Party -
"Chinese warships are en route to the Middle East to get in on some of the action of humiliating the U.S."
Starnes: Obama military honors traitor, punishes hero - FoxTV United States News: via
didn't know obama is a 5sos-er lol
No matter what time of day or night I log onto Twitter the question will inevitably appear in my notifications: "Is Obama a good guy?"
tool of Obama! a rant in favor of Muslim Brotherhood. a cover, and breeding ground for terror...and Fascist-like when in power.
"Last month George Mason Professor Jagadish Shukla and 19 others signed a letter to President Obama, Attorney...
Amazing Spider-Man #583 President Obama Variant Second Print Near MiNT 9.4+++
Watch: 's parody of 's 'Back to Back' as a President Obama diss track to Trump
Although Obama frequently tells us how much he loves us, his actions speak louder than his words.
Bill Clinton after O implied Bill was a racist: I hate that man Obama more than any man I've ever met, more than any man w
1: "My first phone call would be to Vladimir. Dont try me. Oh good lord what crap.
Lmaoooooooooo yes Obama
OK, I enjoyed the interview and felt Obama Held his own, The Sad Part Most Americans don't know the whole story
Obama's Super Cool Advise To Kanye West On 2020 White House Presidential Run #slikouronlife
how many friends have I made with people who just lowkey wanted an excuse to be racist, answer me that Obama
@_____0__o______: Flames _m26 I\'m logging off Twitter "Obama- Back to Back freestyle"
Bit funny how Putin is actually going after ISIS while Obama is giving "advice" to Kanye. Talk about priorities.
WHAT'S KROFT'S PROBLEM Obama slaps down 60 Minutes reporters claim that Putin is challenging his leadership
When Barack Obama is out of office, if he decides to start a justice walk I will gladly stand behind them. But not Farrakhan
#TEXAS Obama Slams Trump: He Wont Be Next President
IncaseYouMissed Photos: President Obama his family attend his chef's wedding
Obama says Donald Trump won't be elected President. Secret Sam says there will be no voter cheating. So take that!
Journalist-in-chief: President Barack Obama interviews author Marilynne Robinson:
blame obama
_GAMES: They cry for more stimulus for Wall Street . How about the American people get some stimulus! You suck Obama ! #t
President Obama is currently listening to Just A Little Bit Of Your Heart by Ariana Grande
I do not understand ANYONE voting for Obama!
FROM EW: Michelle Obama's New Playlist Is All About Empowering Women The First Lady showed her love for Beyonc\x82 an
Black TRUMP Supporter Goes Off at Trump Rally: Obama Has Failed Us. Were Taking Back America MORE&gt;&gt;
Politics of Fear Biden white boy token for Obama Hillary the liar and Bernie Sanders the socialist more of
2 School Shootings as Obama Visits Families of Oregon Massacre
The GOP needs to stop being the blame for everything let Obama Dems take responsibility for their actions!#RedNationRis
13 Well then that makes her in DENIAL and Obama,well, what does he care about any ones security surely not ours.
WIth all this news from Iran and Russia, Its further proof of what Obama has done has not showing the U,S, as a leader. #YourWorld
Obama and Writers Workshop prof Marilynne Robinson talk books, democracy and Christianity: The New York Review of
Central American migrants face threat of violence after deportation from US Confusing!Allowing Syria's refugees.
Read this wonderful conversation on faith, love, and democracy between Barack Obama and Marilynne Robinson
Where will Obama play his post-Presidency golf? Let the speculation begin: Just as important -- OK fine, margi...
is this real? did i hallucinate this? i definitely hallucinated this
@60Minutes Obama talks the talk and think you have done well for the economy,
R u F.M minister or foreign Kay ministerPM to take up issue of stalled Indo-Pak dialogue with Obama: Sartaj Aziz
How Obama Got to Yes on Iran: The Inside Story
#tcot Syria: SA armed with RU tanks begin taking back Latakia from Obama\'s "rebels"/ISIS.
US government deporting Central American migrants - including kids as young as 14 years old - to their deaths
but trump plans to mass deport 11 million plus "anchor babies", how many has Obama deported again?
0423: Wake up people Obama going crazy trying to get his hands on our guns! #tcot #RedNationRising #2ndamendment
OMG MICHELLE OBAMA
Michelle Obama's latest playlist features TLC, Beyonce, and a song from 'Hamilton'
See Michelle Obamas Number 1 Song
What is the difference between ISIS #Iran? #No2Rouhani #HumanRights #droitsdelhomme #USA #Obama #IranDeal #MTP
1001: To Stop World War III, Hillary Must Expose Obama's Benghazi Lies
I can't believe that bunch of literate people want to replace the genius that is Barack Obama.
You are speaking of Obama and coming elections. RIGHT?
Whats obama last name?
Obama is really making the Harvard School of Law look bad.
It is clear from the releases issued from the Obama administration that they are just trying to avoid air clashes.
Bro that video was so funny, why Obama had bars tho he said "you gon make me buy you a new toupee"
Obama Claims He Could Win A Third Term -
Obama Has Some Advice For Yeezy If He Runs For The Preezy In 2020
Apparently, Steve Kroft thinks he's Bill O'Reilly. He wants Pres. Obama to answer his question but won't shut up so he can.
"Guantanamo has become a symbol for an America that flouts the rule of law." - President Barack Obama #GitmObama
TPP protesters wait for Obama motorcade to pass outside Miramar
Obamas fat cats can't lose money that fool gives them stimulus from us taxpayers to cover their loss in that fake stock market.
One positive about #Obamacare - Health insurance co-op - is abandoned by Obama Administration. Nice. #ThanksObama
Huge Network | #Politics Hope fades on Obamas vow to bring troops home before #WashingtonPost #News #HNN
Huckabee Just Responded To Obama's Oregon Visit With 1 Brutal Sentence That Hits Him Where It Hurts
Infowars feed: Obama Drops 50 Tons of Ammo to Jihadists Fighting Russia and Syrian Army
88: Syrians have spoken, and they want #Assad for now. Hands off Syria, Cameron! You and Obama have no say in this!
Comedy!!! Lol Barack Obama - "Back to Back" ( Spoof)
Michelle Obama Challenges Mrs. Trump GOT A LOUD Wake UP CALL
Fake It You Make It Chinas Obama Impersonator Sets Sino : .
Barak Obama = 1/2 Black Lies Matter
Flashback: The Time Hillary Clinton Was Brought to Tears at the Thought of an Obama Presidency
Remember every time you squirt ketchup on a hot dog today the Devil kicks Obama in the balls.
_GAMES Of you think we can turn it around then we must stop. If you think there is no hope - FULL SPEED AHEAD!!
Where do you think stimulus comes from? The taxpayers you jackass Obama we paid those fat cats enough! #tcot #news #facebook
921: VIDEO: #Iran #HumanRights record: 120k killed growing. #IranTalks #IranDeal #Obama #USA #Paris #MT
Bloomberg - Airbnb CEO Chesky: Asked Obama to Rent Lincoln Bedroom
Obama obviously never bought a gun - legally.
93065 shes dressing up as Obama?
Infowars: Obama Drops 50 Tons of Ammo to Jihadists Fighting Russia and Syrian Army: Free Syrian Army collabora...
BO equates himself to George Washington and states that he could win a 3rd term but like GW will graciously not...
Navy sub 'Illinois' christened by Michelle Obama - Chicago Tribune
President Obama on Trump: "I don\'t think he\'ll end up being president of the United States." #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
President Obama Gave Kanye West Three Keys Tips Just In Case He Runs For Office via
Bernie Sanders Is Exceeding Obama's Historic 2008 Run in Crowds, Donors and Polling via /r
Delusional --&gt; Obama on Putin in Syria: My definition of leadership would be leading on climate change
6: Obama Apologies to Doctors Without Borders for U.S. Airstrike on Afghan\xffHospital
NEWSFLASH: Jeb Bush faults Pres. Obama for using big words? Well, that pusillanimous recalcitrant pernicious bandersnatc
#Putin v. #Obama See the whole cartoon at
What President Obama Didnt Say to the People of Africa
4Bernie: Bernie Sanders Is Exceeding Obama's Historic 2008 Run in Crowds, Donors and Polling:
Teddy Roosevelt made peace between Russia and Japan, got us Panama. Obama-Clinton got us Russia in Syria. Gender irrel
FOX Conservatives R JUST BUYING THE BS! Obama WANTS TRUMP 2 WIN! TRUMP IS 4 Single Payer
Thanks again obama.. no social security pay raises this year
All that bad news and wall street was crashing. They cried for more bailouts and Washington DC gave it to them. #tcot #news #p2
Obama follows 640K. It makes us feel like we have a ~voice~
_Sacks: _christman I'm not quite getting your concern--it's true that Obama is a poor interviewer, but she's never ass-kissing,
Isnt that what obama has done?
921: #Iran:NCRI position on #HumanRights. #droitsdelhomme #News #IranTalks #IranDeal #Obama #USA #Paris #MTP #FNS #UN
@60Minutes It's as if Obama went to an assisted living facility 2 be interviewed by a cantankerous resident suffering from onset of dementia
Obama: 'I've Been Skeptical From the Get-Go' About Training the Syrian Opposition
Jens S\x94ring is for 30 years innocent in US prison in Dillwyn. Dear President Barack Obama, Soering needs your help. Thank you. #BarackObama
Obama clashes with Steve Kroft during '60 Minutes' interview via
Obama out, should never have been in. who care what he says. #Trump2016
WHY NOT HAVE A DEMOCRAT ON TO DISCUSSS NEW BENGHAZI REVELATION?? MEDIA FAIL NO MENTION OBAMA/MARILYNNE ROBINSON INTVW ON ITUNES
I hear the things Obama says, but they don't match his actions. Never the less, he is much better than what Trump could be. _Am_A_Number
You and Obama are insane.
The bizarre Obama statement My definition of leadership would be leading on climate change makes me wonder what this asshole has done now.
I love Obama man
100: The anti-Obama protest yesterday vs. the #MillionManMarch today.
Obama schooled 60 Minutes Steve Kroft attempt at channeling Fox News via
3: Not even old enough to understand what Obama is doing. smh just saying what your parents say. Bless u
Give me a Break: Look What Obama Just Said About a THIRD TERM...
sharing #suaju Obama had a pretty sick burn mocking Putin\'s "leadership" - Vox #leadership
Does F***ing UN, Amnesty International exist ? And what happened to Obama and the F***ing NEW head of UN Human...
3R: Obama administration is giving away money to the Muslim ____ How is hope and change working for you?
Chris Christie Says He Would Shoot Down Russian Planes via No wonder he's nearly last in the polling.
Members of Congress were given the evidence on Obama collected by retierd CIA FBI "Sheriff\'s Kits. They are afraid of be
Popular Liberal Site Publishing HIT LIST For All Those Who Oppose Obama's Muslim Invasion
PresidentObama MarilynneRobinson: "I dont get a chance as often as Id like to have conversations" wagnercollege htt
Obama's back to back
No One Follows The "Village Idiot": As Putin Gains Power In Middle East, Obama Touts \'Leadership\' On Climate Change
Well Ig we have school since Columbus wasn't a Muslim. Obama don't care for anyone unless they're a Muslim.
POP. Tech bubble: This is money in your mattress time #obama
Obama announced months ago to "close" Guantanamo now. Justice is hard to find as the indefinite detention continues. #GitmObama
Bo Obama turns 7! A look inside the first dog's fetching life
I liked a video OBAMA SINGS UPTOWN FUNK! - Dan Phil's Internet News
When President Obama made a deal with the Iranians in July over the terror sponsor's nuclear program, he left four Americans behind.
_christman I'm not quite getting your concern--it's true that Obama is a poor interviewer, but she's never ass-kissing, just courteous.
921: #Iran: #HumanRights:Nearly 2000 Executions under Rouhani Reign. #No2Rouhani #Obama #IranTalks #IranDeal #USA
Video: Irate Germans Attempt to Block Buses Full of Migrants Police:StopFollowingUnlawfulOrders!
Look up Obama Back to Back
EMBARRASSMENT Obama Humiliated On Live TV White House In Panic Mode via _
Demanding information from innocent people is like trying to get answers from the Obama administration #GitmObama
@60Minutes Obama worried most about climate change. He must be worried it will interfere with his golf. HURRY TRUMP!!!
921: World Day Against the Death Penalty:Time for #EU to speak out on #Iran. #DeathPenalty #peinedemort #Obama
It was a hard hitting interview No Softballs and Obama Did Well
I no longer listen to anything Obama says. He really does hate America.
I just don't buy it. It's like saying: If only Obama vetoed our agenda, we'd be happier!
"All he talks about is climate change and that is not our problem, folks." - on President Obama\'s \'60 M
More evidence that Jerry Brown is following the Obama school of climate action: ignore supply, go big on demand:
In a 60 Minutes interview Obama was asked if he could win a third term and he said "Yes" and Fox News headquarters spontaneo
OBAMA PAID PAID 500 MILLION TO TRAIN 5 PEOPLE IN SYRIA AND NOW HE'S SKEPTICAL THIS IS A LIAR
Mr. Obama, please support my AP Government teacher, Rex Hafer, for U.S. Speaker of the House. #RexIsNext
President Obama Shows His True Gun Control Agenda -
That'll teach him! Vox squees about Obama's 'sick burn' of Putin
Imagine how proud Obama's America-hating absent father would be of his little boy now. #Omerica #DreamsFromMyFather ht
Criminals are introducing their New "World"Order by allowing illegals to enter, live, vote. Guilty&gt; Obama,Bush,Merkel,Cameron,Brown
I cannot believe that Obama listens to 5sos holy shit they've made it in the big league
Obama Still Boldly Confident About Failed Syria Policy (What a blind Fool) | Frontpage Mag (
Obama's struggles with Columbus Day
Press says Obama flopped on '60 Minutes'
why has the US not been successful in bombing #ISIS ? After all Obama admitted training ISIS/ #ISIL !
Barack Hussein Ignored #ISIL Intel For A Year, Watched It Grow - #IBDEditorials 191
Oh snap! This is the funniest thing since Mr. Obama won back-to-back!
Human rights experts warn that in its haste to expel or deter undocumented immigrants, the US government is scrimp
President Obama says Trump wont end up being president. Do you agree? Tweet us your thoughts. #TheView
Obama's partner in crime. Iran test-fires new generation long-range ballistic missiles, state media report
4time: When you think everybody else is delusional - maybe should look in the mirror #Obama #UniteBlue
It's telling: GOP doesn't want to talk abt gun violence. and when he sat down w/ Obama, neither did @60Minutes Steve Kroft
US just dropped 50 Tons of Ammo in Syria. Guess we know why Obama bought up all the Ammo. To give it to isis
President Obama said to be considering executive action on gun background checks via
Popular Liberal Site Publishing HIT LIST For All Those Who Oppose Obama's Muslim via
1 You are right. But as Obama is a POS Muslim piece of trash, so is CNN for giving these terrorist a stage praise.
Col Ralph Peters Putin Waging And Winning A Proxy War On America As Hussein Obama Declares Victory
This Obama parody set to Back to Back is exactly what you need #middaylol
Obama Says Russian Strikes on ISIS are (wait for it) "Strengthening" ISIS (eye rolling time) #news via
"Obama and Poroshenko Jointly Awarded Nobel Peace Prize - Florian Schaar"
921: #Iran: #HumanRights: Nearly 2000 Executions under Rouhani Reign. #No2Rouhani #Obama #IranTalks #IranDeal #USA
The very worst Obama!
Huh! #Obama Says He Doesn't Think Clinton Server Posed 'National Security Problem' - Bloomberg #RedNationRising
So far zero result.go and do Allah AllahPM to take up issue of stalled Indo-Pak dialogue with Obama: Sartaj Aziz
alright now let me gas this car up before Obama gets out of office and prices go up
While Iran is firing off missiles, President Obama is firing off 9-irons
Obama's music taste is lit
My wish is for Obama to weigh a retreat from the White House!
big news.. sorry FBI..
YESWECAN! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TrumpTrain #Trump2016 #TCOT
3_ not too sure if you're showing me what I sent to you about foreign people or what Obama is listening to????????
Listen to Michelle Obamas Girl-Power Spotify Playlist Via #Tashify.com from TIME
Is it cool for #SethRogen to say "F*** #BenCarson? Is it #Racist? What if he had said F #Obama? Call NOW with opinions 888-971-SAGE (7243)
FOX Conservatives R JUST BUYING THE BS! Obama WANTS TRUMP 2 WIN! TRUMP IS 4 Single Payer Obo objective _GOPs
Washington (DC) Examiner: Obama's struggles with Columbus Day . More #Obama #news -
Not saying America is racist but to many people the name JEB is totes cool for president but not Obama.
Obama: Trump Can't Win; I Could Win 3rd Term; America Is Safer - #christianpost #win
7576: Obama Turns Donald Trump Into A Pathetic Crybaby By Explaining Why He Wont Win via
1stStarr: In 112 days Guantanamo will have been open for longer under President #Obama than it was under President Bush. #GitmObama
"You will know them by their fruits" Barack Obama--there can be little doubt that he abhors our country and has done his best to harm it.
do yall think Obama get on world star? or has been on there?
What Obamas Former Pastor Just Said About Jesus Israel Will Make Your Blood Boil via
It\'s a start. But now a lot of it has to get through Congress. It\'s time the "silent majority" who agree with the...
He should face a firing squad . More anarchy from the Obama Administration !
1001: They Have Obama..Selling it for years
#LouisPostASelfieWithHarry management: no Harry: yes Louis: yes Fandom: yes Obama: yes Putin: yes John Cena: yes Jesus: ye
We will never have a president as cool and down to earth as Obama again blessed to have been able to experience it!
Look up back to back Obama that nigga spazzed
Think about it. Why would wall street rally after they raised the debt ceiling? They got your money that's why! #tcot #news #p2
4News: Here's Barack Obama's advice to on his presidential ambitions
I always wanted to smoke with, Michelle Obama, Harrison Ford, and Lil Dicky
We're not getting anywhere. I will pray for you. This is as bad as Obama's rarely-Reverend Wright's distortions.
Roseburg, Ore., Residents To Protest Against Obama Following Shooting
Obama Slams Trump: He Wont Be Next\xffPresident
6: #WakeUpAmerica and stop open #migration from #Obama Administration. Sadly #Germany asked for this
Back to Back // Barack Obama
VIDEO: Black Trump Supporter BRUTALLY SLAMS Obama: He Has Failed Us, I Voted but He Broke
President Obama Responds To "60 Minutes" Reporter Claiming That Vladimir Putin Is Challenging His Leadership!
Kanye West in 2020? Obama has some advice for the presidential aspirant.
4Bernie Clinton 2x Obama in Nev--same time 2007 --
Obama Says Hillary's Email Use Was A 'Mistake' | The Daily Caller via
And people wonder why there is suspicion of Obama's Christianity or lack thereof. #hewitt #LNYHBT
Watch: Obama Said Trump Wouldnt Be President, So Trump Just Responded By Dropping The Hammer #CNRapp
I literally love Obama, he's just great. Why can't people like him have a TV show instead of pregnant, 16-year-old, high school drop-outs?
Obama Admin Announces Pork Ban, Sparks Widespread Internet Outrage #CNRapp
Sarah Leah Whitson -"Month after month Israeli forces have wounded+killed unarmed Palestinians..."
Obama on Putin in Syria: My definition of leadership would be leading on climate change #CNRapp
_Beacham: Obama Holder Built This. #IndictHolder #ImpeachObama #CongressDoYourJob ELECT LEADERS
OBAMA WANTING TO DISARM US,WOULD B THE SAME AS IN ISRAEL.THE ISRAELIS WOULD ALL BE VICTIMS TO TERRORIST!BUT THOSE SCUM FEAR AN ARMED CITIZEN
disappointed by Butler County email Mitch agnst Obama B4 4 him: Price2Pay
And makes Obama look bad. #ImpeachObama
US government is abandoning health insurance co-ops because Obama loves for-profit insurance companies. #Obamacare
#Obama/Jstreet mouthpiece attacks again. Forward supports Obama but attacks #Israel-friend Carson.Far-left editor.
33 _ON_ISRAEL translation: "joystick to Tel Aviv". Thanks Obama. No. Really.
Wolf Blitzer asks Ben Carson if Obama is "A Real Black President\'
921: Stop Executions in #Iran NOW! #No2Rouhani #droitsdelhomme #IranTalks #IranDeal #Obama #USA #Paris #MTP #FNS #UK
Obama says: The Wash Post phoned complaining that their journalist was convicted in Iran. They want me to do another Bergdahl deal for him.
1: The American People R sick tired of the FAKE #HopeAndChange Obama promised. His continuing #Lies "U can keep your Dr; you
Obama clashes with Steve Kroft during '60 Minutes' interview
If President Obama wants to get people excited about Climate Change then he should move to a climate far away from the U.
Weird. Obama doesn't seem religious at all, yet he's incredibly suspicious of those who are. Hurts his argument.
President Obama Marilynne Robinson: A Conversation in Iowa #books
_tribune Obama's allegiance to Shariah compliant (obeying).+Qu'ranic exhibiting Islam MUST always come from position of superiority!
I had two terms, back to back. -Obama
Obama Clinton Made Mistake in Use of Private Email Server: U.S. President Barack Obama says that Hillary Cli...
Pro-Israeli forces continue to undermine President Obama's attempts at mid-east peace.
4459: 78 83 You'll get blamed for the next s
Obama has better music taste than everyone at my school this is so peak
#Obama's UNILATERAL disregard for law sets scary precedent for future presidents: #ImpeachObama #tcot #PJNET #tgdn
#Islamists at work in America at every level. Obama bans pork from federal prison menus to placate Muslim criminals.
Barack Obama Marilynne Robinson: A Conversation in Iowa via
Obama is injustice. .....Here is what justice looks like. Obama is a gun grabbing Nazi
NOW LIVE! Obama says he would win the presidency again if he ran, plus, updates on #WW3 more -Tune in 11am-3pm CST htt
1001: LaRouche Charges Obama Deliberately Bombed MSF Hospital
#tcot #ccot Rumors on HILL (via Fox) say OBAMA terrified of Trump Presidency because it will expose his wrong-doings while in office.
was just on Obama's biggest fan!!! ugh. #TrumpTrain #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
#Teens: What's more #gross -- BROCCOLI #Obama or CELERY #Clinton?
Send a text to help my mom via
_JJK: Obama must know since he threw her under the bus last night on 60m
Bernie Sanders is exceeding Obama 2008 in crowds, number of donors, and polling #feeltherbern
2it: YouTube's Alphacat has Obama calling out Donald Trump in spoof of Drake's 'Back to Back'
Somebody needs to destroy ISIS and Obama doesn't have the balls.
1970: #Cartoon - #islam VS civilised world : #Rusia #Putin replace #usa #Obama it's all in the game
I read your timeline on the US/Iran relationship. But why did the Obama Admin spend so much time meeting with the UN?
Obama isn't the most misguided President of all time. That title belongs to whoever is the President of his fan club.
#PJNET Obama's word is worthless!
How Obama Ushered in New Age of Christian Martyrdom #obama's bravenewworld? IMO, it's no mistake! 5
#Iran #IranDeal :-( Report: Obama' Iran nuclear deal may violate law he signed: According to ... #UniteBlue #Tcot
Obama Turns Donald Trump Into A Pathetic Crybaby By Explaining Why He Wont Win L1dl9st via
If you don't think Corbyn is a moderate and Obama is a bit right wing, you are a neocon right wing nutjob. #poppolisci
US Court seeks Copy of SoniaG's Passport in relation to the 1984Riots..Congress MP's wrote letter against Modi to Obama..Ab Lo Ulta Ho Gaya!
First Draft: Calling Obama a Weakling, Chris Christie Says He Would Shoot Down Russian Planes Over Syria: Gov. Chris Christie, ramp...
Farrakhan Obama's Rev. Wright rebuke Jews on 'failure to forgive Adolf Hitler'. #MillionManMarch #Israel
Obama's speeches are sneering excuses for his failures.
Did U hear the @60minutes brawl between and #obama last night? The juicy parts at 4:06 on 1190
2ONymph: _Speaks #Obama looks old haggard. He deserves every grey hair on his murderous puppet head.
Obama Knew He Was Trading Terrorists 4 Traitor - My American Thinker piece -. -
Why Clinton's foreign policy would be more continuity than change from Obama by 2
In this video, Obama claims that George Washington lived in the White House: #tcot
UN Special Rep: EU/U.S. Must Take More Refugees,"End Sovereignty!" Alex Jones report ..LISTEN UP! Obama UN is USA$$$
An Open Letter to President 0bama:We Can Hear Your Deafening Silence #RedNationRising #DemocratLies
Obama On #Immigration: Greatness Comes From Building Opportunity, Not Border Walls. What are your thoughts? #news
There's seemingly as many ways to make fun of Obama's name as there are Benedict Cumberbatch's according to nearly any comments section
Many locals were angry with Obama for calling for tighter gun restrictions in the wake of the shooting rampage at Umpqua Community College
Barack Obama the greatest president of all time
Buzzing: Listen to Michelle Obamas Girl-Power Spotify Playlist
. military honors traitor, punishes hero | via
Hardly cost we taxpayers a penny for #Obama to play 2 rounds of golf here in San Diego. It cost us a small fortune.
@1_Hoof_Hearted __Can Hillary and Obama are MURDERERS! #WakeupAmerica #NoMoreDemocrats
So all you that protested against the rich 1% and now your leader Obama is helping them to get richer and control...
2: "Should have held herself2a higher standard" Obama on Clinton That by itself would ruin an Officer\'s career if written
How can America afford wall street? This raising the debt ceiling was for wall street screwing everybody including liberals. #p2
Studying physics is like trying to crack Pres. Obama's nuclear launch codes. Kak difficult :'(
Ignoramus Obama: 'Easier To Buy a Gun Than Buy A Book' | Daily Wire
its a mess and Obama has fueled the Mess with non involvement in the region-the nxt Prez will have his or her han
Obamas appointed rep to UN: Invade Israel to enforce peace" #Israel #Palestine #intifada
OBAMA SINGING (DRAKE DISS) BACK TO BACK via
3333dom: Obama has been called a great divider but he's really helped bring people together!
President Obama Smacks Down Steve Kroft's Right-Wing Talking Points via
Obamas admin has PROSECUTED COUNTLESS for VIOLATING NATL SECRET PROTOCOL now he says is just a mistake REALLY? #p2
Report: Yemen tells Jews to convert or leave the country that's what you call not freedom of religion #tcot #ccot
Even liberals excuse #Obamas actions n instead they prefer 2maintain a positive approach 2wards his #GMO Presidency ht
Putin is killing those Obama wants dead but can't kill himself. #badcopworstcop
Look ObAma ehn .. Lmao
A lovely, thought-provoking conversation between President Obama and Marilynne Robinson:
Shut Wall Street down! Shut that Fed down! We had enough money printing juicing that fake stock market. #tcot #news #facebook
Iran really doesn't care what we think. Obama has given them the power to give us the finger.
_GUNZ: Obama back to back
In a country where Obama can be elected, Trump could be elected. America is that stupid. #tcot
1001: Obama Petulantly Says No to Russian Cooperation
1M1TLESS: President Obama. The Coolest President In The World. *DJ Esco voice*
OBAMA SINGING (DRAKE DISS) BACK TO BACK
0 only you like Obama
61 Cruz supporters esp will hope it's overlooked, as was w/Obama.. BUT, of course, LIBERALS only g
Obama lectures Kenyan president on gay rights
Popular Liberal Site Publishing HIT LIST For All Those Who Oppose Obama's Muslim 1963 via
Wall Street wanted fast track trade sending your jobs overseas but Obama figures Wall Street needs more stimulus from taxpayers.
9k: "Analysts Say Putin is Humiliating the West on Purpose, WaPo Calls Obama a Coward
[EcoWatch] 12 Funniest Tweets in Response to Trump Blasting Obama
_buzz: Goodness we love her! Michelle Obama Picks Songs from Wicked, Hamilton and Dreamgirls for Day of the Girl Playlist:
Frankly, threads of #Faction3 info on POTUS Barack Obama always helps me clear out those with mal-intent /or no desire to know the truth.
Marilynne Robinson chats with the President:
2: Barack Obama, Lori Swanson, Loretta Lynch: Extradite poacher Walter Palmer to face charges in Zimbabwe
Obama seeks to nationalize local #PoliceDepartments, placing them under federal control
Drakes Back To Back Diss Track Got HIGHlariously Remade With President Obama ... - - #Entertainment
Why Ask? Obama Will Surrender All to China: China asks world to impose 'code of conduct' on Internet
Or maybe a conqueror, it was the way of the world at that time. Also what's with the Obama and first bitch picture?
The Consequences of President Obama's Ideas: Talking Points with #IdeasMatter #PracticeofWisdom
Obama challenged the media to compare gun and terrorism deaths. So I did.
WHAT? The land of the free?! #rageagainstthemachine
I'm the president of Libya and Obama the president of America #pnu
Photo: Putin kicking Obamas butt.
#Hillary enrages #Obama as she #FlipFlops on #TPP - #OhHillNo
1965 _Jordan And Obama wets his bed
AGs wife sings: Im a pistol packin mama and my husband sues\xffObama
Obama fixed this economy why does Wall Street need more stimulus?Did Obama lie about fixing this economy? He's useless! #tcot
#Iran announces US is supplying #ISIS w/ weapons. #Obama\'s "peace" partner.
Obama Talks about a Link Between #Robots and Jobs #RiseoftheRobots
FOX Conservatives R JUST BUYING THE BS! Obama WANTS TRUMP 2 WIN! TRUMP IS 4 Single Payer Obo objective
Obama Likes to CELEBRATE SIN - Rev. Graham Sets Him Straight! - The Political Insider
Welcome Obama to the 5sosfam
Oh. We were worried there for a minute. Seriously Obama?
_GAMES Tcot? more like Tcock hahaha Am I right fellas. Please . #t4a #MjSf
Choppers a-circlin' over my neighborhood. Obama must be in town. #Cubbies
Starnes: Obama Military Honors Traitor, Punishes Hero - Fox Nation
Putin offers to team up with the West to destroy Islamic State, but the US fails to respond. Whose side is Obama on?
U.S. Bombs Somehow Keep Falling in the Places Where Obama Ended Two Wars
_Max: RaymondB__: Keep in mind Hillary won't undo anything Obama has done. They are one in the same. #StopHillary2016 #2
The American people need stimulus like Wall Street fat cats get every time the market sells off a few day. #tcot #news #facebook
Obama's favorite people are killing Christians and Jews NOW. I wonder if these dummies will start hashtags over that?
Obama ... What u say is false .. Over 80% of our country is fed up with u ! That's why is ahead in the polls ..
Government agents giving evidence to the President is not due process. Obama murdered Samir Khan!
Trump: A 'Vast Majority' of GOP on Obama's Side - Breitbart via Boner was one of those, McC. another
Affordable Care Act/"Obama Care" Facts... #tfb #f4f #FinalFour
Call State Chair Say you want 27 Debates like CLINTON+Obama got in 08 #copolitics #PDA #1u #FEELtheBERN
A Muslim can LIE to a non-Muslim if he is uniting two group! Everything coming from the White House is a Lie!
Brennan's baby... And our model for success in Syria-- says Obama.
President Obama Smacks Down Steve Kroft's Right-Wing Talking Points | Crooks and Liars
Obama is just telling the truth. Trump will not be President lol. It's too many Republicans w/ good sense to allow that
- must see !
Wall Street goes down a few day and those useless cowards cry for more stimulus from the taxpayers. Don't you think we did enough?
Obama trolling is actually pretty damn funny.
Donald Trump Gets Burned In This Hilarious Obama Diss Track Parody
_Beacham: &gt; Obama Military Honors Traitor, Punishes Hero &lt; #CONGRESS REMOVE OBAMA From Office It's YOUR
I LOVE these SLOTS! Get FREE credits to play if you install today! Download it here:
Obama To Spend Columbus Day On The Golf Course via
#PresidentObama's hypocrisy and silence about #democracy and #AliMohammedAlNimr is deafening.
_ontherocks @_WyattsTorch thats what they get, but all of us innocent people who didnt vote for Obama are the true victims
Barack Obama, David Cameron and a secret present
Obama on Gitmo "I\'m going to go back at this" transfer it to the mainland" - And make it a franchise? #GitmObama
So how does the Democratic Debate end up at the hotel owned by an off the wall critic of the ACA and Obama?
Just realized I'm going to miss Obama so much. That date is getting closer and closer.
Hope fades on Obamas vow to bring troops home before presidency ends: How a military skeptic wields power in ...
_Stiles: List of Obama Failures AND THE LIST CONTINUES TO GROW #OBAMA #TCOT
China Joining Russia In Syria Brings Risks Of World War: Idiots are people who don't learn lessons from the past...
New T-Shirts! #autistic #cancerpls #obama (
Muslims 2 Execute 250 Assyrian Christians, Obama Approves By Silence
Who's on Michelle Obama's Spotify list? Beyonc\x82, of course - USA TODAY: USA TODAY Who's on
They cry for more stimulus for Wall Street . How about the American people get some stimulus! You suck Obama ! #tcot #news #tpp
So let's import a shitload of Syrians into US. Great idea, Obama. No #refugeeswelcome not now, not ever.
_Gray: And in other news, President Obama birdied a "really tricky" par-4
