1. Why dude rollin with a snake at school? 2. Did he just share his sucker with the snake? Lmfao
DUDE, THAT'S DATE RAPE!!!!!!
i just saw a gif of a dude eating noodles with a dildo and i just wanna say that im tired and we all need to calm down
yea.. its good dude... but its not let the record show yknow what im sayin? maybe if you rewrote the whole thing from the start youd wi
I love Antonio Brown and know my dude can ball out, But if he can go without catching any passes so I can beat @HeemSUPREME
Dude convinced that he fresh asf
- Same dude who got confused when asked why he had a huge pile o money stashed at h
Same here. Dude tweets that my assassination would make his timeline crazy. No consequences.
good dude, great coach!
Cuz you don't trust me like your last dude
even "playboy" is like "dude, you know where to find naked pictures" so maybe follow their lead stop posting explicit
Ghetto Gaggers make me mad bcuz the white men b talkin down to my black sisters ....jus
Happy birthday to my dude see you at GATA soon
Just saw a dude with a tattoo of an avocado on his neck. That's passion.
If this was a dude, this new emoji would get you
why is the dude beside me so close 2 me
I'm just happy y'all are finally speaking about this dude though. He needs to be dropped off right into hell.
Mr Webb is that dude
dUDE I would've been impressed if y'all sent me links to legit articles and stuff so that I could be convinced but y'all just-
Nothing like waking up for class and the sun is like "dude go back to sleep Im trying to sleep in"
I know from experience dude..
Ive been considering buying a $109 cloak for like 4 months. Every time I'm at the checkout I stop and think: REALLY, DUDE?
Hot dude reads french? Hot dude is my soulmate.
dude please help give visibility to @uttamkrbhardwaj. He paints with his legs
Bruhh.. this dude killed this Hotline Bling Cover....
Who still remembers that Christian dude who said that his wife warned him not to drink poison after Ahmed Deedat offered him to drink some.
I'm so drained dude
dude you seriously need to listen to this song, it's so beautiful I'm actually crying
I rather a dude tell me he's messing with 50 girls let me decide if I want to be 51 than him mess with 50 girls and me FE
One dude was like deez nuts (so original right) but it's like do I comments, laugh, or just ignore it
In your same "crashing" economy some dude\'s driving around in an Aston Martin Lagonda
Dude, help me out here...
Good luck with that, dude...
Don't be soo happy dude, i'm not lose yet .
dude no me cares about your online God status, You're a disgrace, go back to wasting your life away
Happy birthday my dude @JordyDiamonds
i rlly dont play behind my grades dude
Girlfriend Facetimes Ex-Boyfriend While Blowing a Dude Bu...
HNNN ..... #NoBraDay am waiiting for the Nija dude to flunt thiers b4 i lose hope ...
Andy cortes is your brother right?? Hahaha YES! This awesome dude here is definitely my brother. #proudsisterhere
I want a German Shepard
Sorry to hear, dude. Take care of yourself, okie? :)
- Dude!! Fuck off with the cock pix!! BLOCKED!! @ReniBuni_mfc
Girlfriend Facetimes Ex-Boyfriend While Blowing a Dude But The Ex Gets Revenges
don't forget the scissors dude
dude I'm in the bus just chill
Lex useta be my dude
Fuck that dream dude fuck
Did this dude really just do that lmao..
you're lucky dude fuck I seriously don't like my ex as a friend, person, anything even though I wish we coulda ended smoothly
I just woke somebody up out they sleep lmao. Poor dude my bad.,
who is this dude, and does he think i'm literally retarded? Hahaha
Drake the type of dude who likes cupcakes with no frosting because he thinks the cupcake is better without makeup.
Dude....
Love how every time this dude messages me its to tell me his problems and not ask how I'm doing boy if you don't get...
Man look at this shit I came from, This narrow point of view, How you hating on a dude that wanted it more than you? - J
It's crazy because I hate to see my friends hurting because of a dude but I've let myself be in the situation....
you better meet my mutuals ashton they all deserve it so much dude
Thanks for listening dude! Hope all is well
Dude Ive got a Dell!
Just finished played tennis but dude tennis and me will never be friends
Dude my bed big af why do he feel the need to be up under my ass and i got no room
lmao people don't fw yo kind my dude
dude, where were you watching it?? Is it on YouTube??
congratulations dude! Chuffed for ya!
they way he looked at dude coming
dude think you spread it to me. Make me can't money in the bank today
chill dude, read the commentary
even "playboy" is like "dude, you know where to find naked pictures" so maybe follow their lead stop posting explicit pics on the TL.
Meanwhile this dude is back and wants our unconditional thanks for defeating communism cc:
Get my little dude Cannon to 100 followers @CannonMosteller
i don't need anyone to boost me , but it does feel good hearing your dude tell you how beautiful you are
my dude! Happy birthday!!
Dude on bus is dipping Milano cookies into hummus at 6am. On so many levels, what is wrong with you, sir?
The dude I stay with txted me calling me "a little hoochie mama." It ended up being by mistake and to another person. Today is a good day.
i get notifications so they all come straight through to me dude! Thanks
Wussup, dude?
never heard of such a thing. You fine dude?
Dude almost got caught slippen, I wanted to hit him so bad lol
thanks again dude. Side note. I'm a Tony Wrotten fan.hahahhaha
lol dude from Mindless Behavior at wingstop
yea i need to go to bed lol night night all zzzz #pissedoff lawn dude or #cropcircles ?! #xfiles
Just tryna create insanity with ... Dude is bonkers!
Look at the dude showin off his dance moves
Watch the video: Perfect titted milf lady fucking horny dude
DUDE I THIIGHT SHE WAS GONNA SLAP ME OR SOME SHIT TBAK GOD SHE DIDNT LOL
that dude is fine AF!!! Homaigot
gud lucky dude
DUDE " insta should show if someone is following or not cant be no1\'s fan"
happy birthday dude..
Me and #nickyromero between takes at my studio. Dude can really ride self-balancing scooter we have hot song...
Just to say no to breast cancer,u remove bra?Say no to AIDS,u go remove pant be that?wont u say no 2going 2hell which wil
This dude at work is the only reason why I like coming into work because he has full on conversations with himself when he is extremely mad
Aww. Thanks dude!
Paul Wall - Crumble the Satellite (feat. Devin the Dude #409thaheat
Dude I hope this Lexus behind me tailgates a little closer and rear ends me. I've been dying for somebody to pay for a new bumper.
dude does banshee-44 give you quest too on level 2 ?
dude at first I didn't even know how to put packs inxD
Fucking shit dude
happy birthday dude have a good day
dude yes dude yes dude yes
This random nigga "Hey dude wanna switch pictures of girlfriends?"
i know but the imagery dude. spare me on this one at least omf
dude dude dude dude dude @Jae_Day6
Tnx for followng me dude
Happy birthday Wilson have a great day dude @wilson_morse
Got to know my Lecturers by the end of this year, 2 of them are already like friends with me. Walk in like "pele ! My man! What\'s up dude?"
Happy birthday my dude! #makeitlive
Don't be that dude: Handy tips for the male academic via #Equality
dude u keep defending M. I hv to go to meet my Bf. Thats much impt now....
DUDE or DUD: theBalm Stainiac Lip and Cheek\xffStain
dude chill your setting a bad name for the team
#Slag,#milfanal,#teensluts,#mom,#sexual,#Teacher: Beautiful Brunette Doll Gets Her Arm Pits Licked By Kinky Dude
The man has a point dude
DUDE or DUD: theBalm Stainiac Lip and Cheek Stain
best luck dude
#beautyblog DUDE or DUD: #theBalm Stainiac Lip and Cheek Stain #balmstain #lips #makeup
. Is this BJP MP Satyapal Singh, police commissioner dude tagged as Sexpal Singh 4 running a brothel frm his flat? He's
Walking around naked asking for a tie? lol I can totes see my fish dude doing that
I suck at drawing sexy masculine dude. Just end up making them girly. I WILL FIGURE THIS OUT! Now time to sleep.
chill music
DUDE or DUD: theBalm Stainiac Lip and Cheek Stain on @bloglovin
Dude stop copying me.
dude... I would love to join you
such a pro dude
ik dude that shit was T1 comedy
morning dude :)
You cannot be serious DUDE ! Regroup yourself Federer, please !!! #Shanghai #ShanghaiRolexMasters
omg what ?? I had no idea wth dude
#Dogging,#Blowjob,#Public,#FootWorship,#Virgin,#Cum Swallow: Young Handsome Dude Loves To Fuck Ugly Chubby...
DUDE. That's flirt, not flirTER HAHAHA
NV is pronounced Ne-VAD-a (VAD rhymes with BAD), not NeVAWda.
loving your snap chats of dude! He is very cute! Can't wait for more...
"This dude named Michael, used to ride motorcycles
The dude is sound! One of the best on the list...him, malami and amina are the ones i can vouch for
awww, that's good! That dude brings a crowd with him no matter where, it gets so crazy. Did you twerk on stage?
thanks dude!!
My bus driver has been gooing fo fast this morning like dude calm dowm Sonic runs slower than this
I need the full version ASAP Bruhh.. this dude killed this Hotline Bling Cover....
Alpha Male dude just mentioned his walk (first time in ages). Said someone told him he swings his shoulders too much.
U left and people still think im with u? Dude where's the guy u left me for?
Crazy Ex-GF Sends Harassing Texts, But Dude Shuts Her Dow...
ok so I don't understand artists that take their fans/supporters for granted! u wouldn't have a damn thing without em dude
Whats the name of this new SA track where the guy sound like the Coco Dude...and the video was shot in an all...
"have some respect dude there\'s a kid in your presence" it\'s fucking call of duty the campaign has cuss words in it jesus ch
You ever had a crazy dream about your dude woke up mad at him
except for jackson ripner that dude was a dick
this dude is so fking annoying what do people even like about him
#CyberSex,#Fuck,#porn,#sex,#hot,#love,#erotic: Powerfully-built Dude Bangs Three Skanky Bitches In Kinky...
This is but dude in the back
why are u watching the dub oh my god also i totally heard "dude, bae" instead of juubei wtf
omggg dude
dude said "fact", why are you even asking?
Dude killed this!
Dude thats hardly specific
DUDE WHO TF ARE ME @xpineapplesLuke
Ol Dude Zoh - MaDhOuSe - RisingHype:
when Bryson Tiller said " lord save her for me. do this one favor for me " I\'m like man..if a dude ever felt that strong abo
Why is everyone sad at the thought of Spurrier retiring? Dude isn\'t a "harmless, funny old guy". He\'s just an asshole. Always has been.
yo dude why are you never at school man we all know you have always wanted to go to Michigan State University
"Dude we have a LT tomorrow right?" "What LT?" "We also have a PT due tom right?" "WHAT PT?!
you got it dude
DUDE LETS KEEP GOING
My dude.
Frank: "You think it\'s okay we\'re eating, Rudolf?" Percy: "Dude, I could eat Prancer and Blitzen too. I\'m hungry,"
My future wife proly at home eating fruits,laying down watching some gay dude on YouTube teach her how to do her contour
Dude it's been 3 years, and besides Happily and Strong are about Taylor so debunk those instead
Sometimes I just wanna be a dude when I\'m with my guy friends XD so I can have skin-ship normally without ppl going "OOOOO IN IN IN"
Dude these are awesome
It's International #NoBraDay today let us all fight against breast cancer.. early detection saves lives
Dude is a legend
Every dude has two personalities And its Before and After they hit the cookie
Pua has so much admirers on after school. Dude. She be rejecting them too dang
dude saaaame
I've been up since 5 my dude fml I fkn hate school
Hbd to the first and only person i know with the same birthday as me love you dude have a good one @oman1013
I'm that kind of dude thats got a bulletproof on buh still wanna pull out. Oh well, i aint perfect. #JustMe
I'm the type of dude that knows exactly what y'all are saying behind my back
Good to team with you last night dude! ;)
especially that dude who plays hook overacting in a shitty fake rip off jack sparrow style
I wanna see taeyang and mino performance of "Fear" in MAMA Please fucking let them attend your ceremony dude
This dude next to me talking about snorting ibuprofen
I'm A Fan Of On And Off Air. That Dude Is Humble As A Happy Tortoise.
#MinisterialScreening The Chambers is not new to Senator Udoma he was here for 8 years. Dude came prepared! BRF will sure have fun.
calm down dude
Dude can you just stop complaining all over social media?
Had the craziest dream dude
Hey, careful, man, there\'s a beverage here! The Dude ("The Big Lebowski")
officer Mike still checks up on me I really fw that dude.
dude you totally rocked the ensemble tonight... From one dancer to another I salute you! The energy fr
Wasted FUCKING effort. Dude I can't wait to move to Orlando.
yeah dude you got this! College is hard but it's great, so take care of yourself :3
Haha good morning Jelly dude :)
if you take a picture of it and show them they'll make you a new free one dude
That boy wade dumb i wouldnt b chasing her she stuck on her ex like always .. Trying to play on my dude!
Lewis your the best. Very gifted. Bring that title home dude!
dude fr I want another one
Sorry. At least u can tweet
This dude could beat a girl but couldn't punch a guy. Coward
dude, do you even lift?
Saw one dude last year in nutrition month who did this, With two eggs and a banana.
Got home dude
hppy bday apis. Hai dude
I lost all respect for this dude in 2.2 seconds
yo dude i just send you a private msg for the first time about ds2 glitches :)
Lucky Dude Gets His Anus Barebacked 3 By Real #sex #porn #xxx
Scarlett O'Hara - Dude, You're Being That Guy
I'm so annoyed dude. Urgh, lemme log out.
THIS DUDE IS 5'1 AND DUNKING LIKE ITS NOTHING..
no thanks dude, i literally just want to fix the mrt, add 5 new train lines in the next 10 years after my term
so you're desperate for friendship, for something more, companionship, food + some more sleep dude ur pushing it u really are
dude my bus is taking forever and it's so fucking cold
Today in the life of "The Dude": cc @pack
Andrew is a crazy ass dude lmao
I'd rather there be no mgo than this a**hat infested game. Dude peeler said this game has it all lmao
What took me about Sen Udoma Udoma is what he did after he left the senate, dude that's how you try to improve the country. By example.
dude please tell me that's not a dead stuffed cat..
I was a cold dude, I'm getting back to my ways.
Starting for the Dodgers and Cards: William Zabka and the brown haired dude from "Teen Wolf." Starting for the Mets and Cubs: Stephen Furst.
dude this actually works
lol its all good dude, after all you haven't met me before so u have no idea what I'm like
hey dude, can u make me a drawn pp?
Wtf dude my bestfriend is freakin slaying. I'm done. It can't get any more gorgeous than this
Dude wake up
I hear I swallow my ARVS everyday,that's how I stop HIV..No think you already have dude!that's the dumbest thing have seen today.smh
That PIB question for expose udomas yansh ooo
S/O to the dude that almost ran me over w/ his bike (-:
Dude if my mom makes me go to school I'm literally gonna cry
case in point you're both up to favorite it but nah dude I sleep normal hours, it's 1pm my time
holy shit i hope he will be ok dude
Never thought I could care for someone as much as I do now I really like dude but smh ....
dude. You're real good. You're like a metro retro flashback. Come to Australia. I want to hi five you.
Hardik Patel says India should have gun laws like America. Dude, even America shouldn't have gun laws like America.
ultra kill dude
Dont be that dude: Handy tips for the male academic
Gotta give a shout-out to my man Franchise254, classiest dude on psn.
hey dude I'm a grand master prestige in this awesome game aw and thinking is there gonna be royalty prestiges ???
Wtf dude?
Some dude argued with me for an hour to get my # in high school. But he never texted me. Like what was all that hype?
Hey Dude
Smh this dude crazy
btw im the dude thats writing tunes for you guys...Datlof etc... =D
hhahaha. dude i can't deal with this
omg niall your srsly the weirdest dude.
You strive to see both sides of a relationship issue today, bu... More for Cancer
I'm so disappointed dude! Tss!
dude you are almost at 300k followers!! That's insane :D I'm so proud of you bro, keep up the great work
and happy bday an awesome dude
No dude! Wikipedia is not at all authentic. Lol. In 2013 Niti was in her final year of BA. Then she had dropped out.
I fkn love that dude.
i like the dude but latley hes just a money hoe and anoying af lol
HERE YOU GO DUDE
@AmazingPhil (\xf8\xf8 here's 3!!! just dont reply to that dannyfire dude (\xf8\xf8 uoousup ( _)
This dude beat me in 2k by 2 points im so heated
He is NOT my dude so he not my problem no more #wontbeliedto
I personally will miss Spurrier. Thought he was great for the conference. Only hated him one week per year! Dude was great!!!
good to see you and the family tonight mate! Dash is still the coolest dude around.. Good luck this week mate!
K camp that dude for me right now.
dude aha.. do you know how many peop-- no.. do you know how many stones we'd have to have on a daily at Toppers??
I learned so much from this dude bruh , ppl wouldn't believe it if I told em .
What's up man! I'm good dude..how have you been ?
So annoyed dude
lmfao that's not my uncle . dude is really ate tf up
dude has synesthesia and i rlly thought i couldn't be anymore envious
ok this gray gubler dude is so hot idk who he is but yea yes
Dude some people need to just fuck off.
has anyone got that pic of the dude sweating over choosing two buttons
- Same dude who got confused when asked why he had a huge pile o money stashed at home.
THIS DUDE KNOWS WHATS UP
dude they are going to go out of business
I'd take that cd prize pack! Chedda Da Connect my new dude. @RenadaRomain
My thoughts exactly.
really dude? Nice!
The one playing where the dude in the cafeteria in the oven, even after the oven is turned off.
Dude, you are on your 3rd marriage. You sell payday loans Stop harassing activists and fix your life. @Montel_Williams
Just faked being Portuguese to avoid chatting w/gabby old dude in Hartsfield TSA line. #NotSorry Cc @CassandraYoung
The next dude that ask me am I go cover my tattoo go get cursed the Hell out .. If I wanted it covered it would be by now don't you think
Dude... LAST NIGHT HAPPENED. #LGM #METS
dude looks like a chimpanzee
Dude!
Dude, did you do the math homework? #VectorCalc #MathRocks @Ellie_King13
your not a girl man your a dude trapped in a females body lool
Mann Bernie Mac so funny Mann dude got me joke out dude really be crying
OMG DUDE YESTERDAY I SAW OIKAWAS JACKET,,,, 40,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
Dude u got messed up my master chief
thanks dude!
Thankyou bro! Means a lot dude
thanks dude, what do you think?
Dude, the Lakers have Nick Young, Kobe Bryant AND Lou Williams. This game ended long ago.
"desperate for some more sleep" Fucking same dude
congrats dude.
NO WAY U DID???? OMFG dude congrats
really?!?? Dude my school is filled with hot guys! Lmao I am so boy crazy
No brainer dude, have you heard the guy talking before ? His voice (and everything about him) is legendary :D
All a man needs to get it... a hoodie... And a woodie, bro. Lol this dude's smokin!
damn dude
hope you're well mate... Hope you make a full recovery dude !
I know dude!!! I was like damn throwback
TYLER NEVER CHILLIN
Like, I just saw this topless dude and was like ??? And then the store owner handed it to me and it was Kaworu and he was like $11
dude your tweets are depressing me
Dude, Dell will be buying EMC in a $67 billion tech megamerger
Happy birthday twin, no matter what we always find our way back to one another, I love you dude.
man last year I saw some dude watching porn on the bus
Dude #TrojanWar tomorrow night ... The era with and gonna
oh my god dude i feel like crap
brand spanking new bus driver, this dude is 30 minutes late and doesn't know the route
Fuck this dude
dude, #SameHere #SMH
dude what the fuck
So dude behind me is traveling with an infant and gave us all gift bags with candy and earplugs lol
Watching From 5 to 9 dorama. And damn why can't I understand Yamapi's EngRish? Dude, you have to practice.
this dude's sign just happens to be my favourite sign so i mean i'm not saying it's destiny but if the zodiac compatibility shoe fits!!!!
But seriously, if dude "worships the devil", why does that bother YOU if you don\'t worship the devil?
who allowed yOU DUDE OMFFGMDGK ft
SMH for u" There\'s no doubt that most of those involved in the #NoBraDay are ladies eager to show their tits pervert guys
Bernie Sanders is such an adorable dude
This dude is whacked out of his mind.
You know you ain't shit when you're the main but the side dude got the emoji by his name
Dude! Boston on Wednesday. Who's ready to release your emotions on the #APtour?!
fuck up dude
J.Cole is so great, I can listen to this dude talk for so long just straight talking bout life and how to get thru shit. ma
dude same I remember when we went to the casino then listened to some sick hood rap, man catchin some
u can go to QUT with me. but nah lil dude you have all my support and just do your best ok. i love you
"Horror Equity Fund"? Dude, I wanna marry YOU!
dude has like 20 dont let your dreams be dreams
thanks dude
"Get the FUCK out of my scene, dude. You did not, and do not, have my permission to touch her.
I cant sleep dude. Anxiety had me up all night
it was disgusting Impressively loud But dude come on
dude I'm done
Don't fall to much dude
Lil dude tellin it how it is
tayr dat azz up tho like u did brat last night dawg. i hear it brah if i was a capa ill step to dat my dude
"Everyone is important, dude. I\'d rather listen to people problems than let them build it up and feel like no one cares"
i believe it's not idek dude .
stop tweeting while I'm at school dude not cool
there's this dude in the cafe with me and holy shit his little brother is so fucking cute . Like sERIOUSLY WAIT FOR ME LITTLE BRO
miss you Man Dude Bro Bud
dude he was testing his breaks
I suck at drawing sexy masculine dude. Just end up making them girly. I WILL FIGURE THIS OUT! Now time to sleep. Nini! :D
Story about a dude, gets lost in the outback, eats ants to survive. 'Straya!
what? Who's his wing man? Talk to that dude. You've got other things to worry abt. Get his best friend as your ally
lil bit over exaggerating but waking up to pee is still extra annoying dude
Harry:Louis can you help me write a song about my ex from like 3 years ago? Louis:of course laddy pal lad bro dude,not
I do dude
My gf so beautiful dude
dude you're like my #1 I'm thankful for you everyday of the year love you more than fries
,#hot,#teen,#nsfw,#porn,#milf: Kinky Dude Enjoys Watching How His Girlfriend Moans Under Strange Dude
Wow dude
dude we needa have a sleep over soon!
Very cheeky going to give the flowers he got to his mommy saying he got them for her Amazing dude
I hate a "well it wasn\'t like you were tryna stop me" ass dude like BRO I AM NOT YOUR MOM
u can handle it, rad dude
what was the other dude called?
This dude just legit told me if I want him to 'handle' someone, I must let him know. I feel liiiikkee I Can't! Bye!
appreciate it dude
Off clothes shopping for my fast growing dude :-) x
dis dude picked up the binder
Seriously dude? You let her go that easy?
thank you. Yaa ofc dude. Lets prove it that we can do the best and be the best
Did I see the impression of a hand on the side of a dude's face? #Kidding @JenelleKPRC
Just here waiting for Drake to stop remixing "Started from the Bottom" with all his new songs start making new music again
good know dude ... welcome beep my phone n lng pag my prob ..
dude if you aint done it yet you should have been done it. All the time we chat about things.
Dude,better be roger in the second.
nah dude. dieting isn't my style. i eat whenever i want to. 8 )
traveling is y i need a dude like shut up n get on this plane im paying just dnt lie 2 me
Dude! Skin that smoke wagon means pull your gun...ya know what? Nevermind
lol dude ! We have an international team...! It even goes to play in ESL. 95% engineering students play CS in their hostels xD
She worth more than you'll ever know dude
Dude im like willing you know, we can be the best of friends and eat nandos all day
dude!!! That's ace!!!
Soybean adaptation for tropical environments underway!
Dude cyles the duo man lol it'll happen soon you just wait haha
FK EH DUDE THE TRAIN IS FUCKING EMPTY AND THERE ARE PLENTY OF SEATS I DONT SEE THE NEED FOR U TO WALK IN A WAY SUCH THAT
Met a cool dude today who was happy drinking appy! :) #WaitingforPetroll #Wanderingeverywhere
You can't trust someone who lies to you. But don't lie to someone who trusts you.
Justin Bobby from the Hills but like mixed with a hot dude. And she had all these grad students defending her against his ex (2/3)
Come On dude. WAKE UP! @rogerfederer
Little dude has requested this for #lunch what will you be having? #recipe #foodies
Some Dude Got Shot In Head After A Crowd Egged The Gunman On Outside Pats Vs Cowboys
What goes around come around dude
Plzz kindly take note of that sign language dude. Dat guy dey do som kain signs. I dey see ram style, he
yeah... Dude????
Dude! You're getting a Dell!
hahahahahaha. Sorry dude: shouldn't've singled you out like that ;-)
Me: I saved a girl from being raped yesterday. Friend: wow, great job man. But how? Me: Self Control, dude. Self Control.
You knw when you dah malas nak layan, then dia text "Are u ok?" Lol dude,I\'m fine. I\'m just sick and tired of your ass. #pergiberamvibes
Lol dude!
I am kind of? disappointed in Siwon ryeowook... More in Siwon... Dude a single tweet wouldn't have killed you
And greater achievements dude @wizkidayo
Now i have gotten the real twitter handle...the dude z so talented @joeelkennis
dude same.
We just want the d Ladies in your own opinion..if you tell a dude you "like him too much"..what do you mean?
waking up to pee 5 times a night is so annoying dude
Celebrity Selfies You Were Never Meant To See (10 Photos)
From 2013. #VomitingInRetrospect If you're struggling to get over a dude TRUST ME it's possible.
dude animated shows best one is Rick and Morty
Data + Info + Community = Tropical Soybean Information Portal brought to u by
THE DUDE IS LEO
Yo just saying thanks for being so chill on sat, you're a crazy nice rapper and an even nicer guy! I was that short blonde dude aha
Right on dude. I watched Matt Ryan bring our Falcons back with 11 seconds against Chicago in '08. Never sell the birds short
Dude the Cubs dropped some bombs tonight.
dude, I'm living this statement right now. First time in forever and I'm going on five days now. Hope you beat the bug quick.
Lmao. Dude." This looks like a face with hairs #NoBraDay my nipples are bae
drops from #steelers #BestOfLuck
The dude from BoneyM had to be on drugs #rage
every day dude. Every single goddamn day!
#Granny,#Mature,#Milf,#Old,#GrannyGlasses: Hot Chicks Britney Amber And Melody Jordan Share One Lucky Dude's Cock
Porn will cause a slow, latent decay to your sub conscious. It slowly erodes your mind and ability to be emotionally i
Some random uncle: "Mard nah\'ta toh\'ta korray wrgha honda ae" Me: Dude wuh the fuuq? o_0 P.S he was talking about a m
REALLY AT FOUR IN THE FUCKING MORNING. ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME DUDE.
Dude, you broke our web site. We're working to accommodate the extra traffic.
Happy Birthday Homie, have a blessed day my dude
A true relationship is having someone who accepts your past, supports your present, loves you and encourages your futur
Dude I know
Spurrier fans: can someone confirm this is true? Did this dude win the Heisman in '66 at QB, AND kick a 40-yarder?
superb one dude
Dude. Like what does it even matter?
@FeedtheFuture's Announces new Tropical Soybean Information Portal (TSIP) #soybeans
I liked a video dude masturbates in traffic
My Badmitton record in FB Robotron-Win:47 Loss:0 Top Red Dude-Win:35 Loss:0 Flying Toaster-Win:5 Loss:5 Top Hot Sam-Win:18 Loss:2
The Grootman was the oracle when it comes to interactions w/ women. This the dude you admired respected.
but it's cool because im a rude dude with a 'tude who raps like the make up, nude, meaning no cover ups baby just a good mood
thats ultra kill dude
putting traps in normal dude clothes is like taking the glasses off a megane dude what are you doing stop
- OMG Bri Bri, where have you been? Dude I miss you! Math was always fun with all of you guys! We need to start talking mo
Whoa! Celebrity Camel Toe (That's going too far.)
dude when are we going to meet again? I miss your food I mean you.. damn it
Fuck it dude juss forget it
dude I honestly don't even pay attention to those kinds of thing cuz even if it's illegal ppl still get a hold of it
Heeeey!!!!! Haaarrrry!!!! Wassup dude? #EMABiggestFans1D
I wonder if this dude wearing tracksuit bottoms and black leather suit shoes knows how much he's turning me on right now
Johnee says "I want to bring Pablo back" Pablo says " dude, I\'m, like, right here already" #tblau
Ummm I wanna talk to you! what's the problem dude?
YEA I BET DUDE
Silly me, I thought you actually cared.
I'm actually done with this dude.. AKA IronNigga.
Hip hop was robbed when Biggie died. Left us with 2 albums. Still can't get over dude's flower
Mtn will hurt u and then apply aboniki by giving u bonus, before they continue hurting u
Slow down dude I'm not racing you
The dude ringing me up at hyvee last night had half an arm..didn't even notice until he used his stub to fold my receipt and hand it to me
Dude, always got your back. If only you were dying in the dorm room #rideordie #probablydie
I have a professor that is cover with some pretty nice tattoos. I like to believe he's a gang member! Because the dude is badass!
You reach a significant fork in the road today, yet your curre... More for Scorpio
Dude !!! Captain Planet he's a hero, gonna take pollution down to zero.
#Gay,#malesex,#Rimming,#GayAnal,#Wanking: Randy Dude Fucks Ruthlessly Busty Brunette Cindy Jones
Yea that does suck dude
someone: no one is perfect me: dude have you seen alycia debnam-carey ?
This Dude Is The Definition Of A Slow Driver ! But I Guess That's Being Safe.
Hearing "I miss you" from the right person is a great feeling.
Grats dude!
Dude Caught Fake Masturbating Leads To Catching Cheating Girlfriend
thanks my dude
You're cute but snap something interesting profound. Cmon you're a dude go build a motorcycle or something put that on S
Excited to be part of the Soybean Innovation Lab team at UIUC. Please follow us:
hello it's me n this dude that I kinda like ( \xfc)
Stop sucking dick dude
Her BIG BUTT Is Confusing The Internet... This Is Why...
Dude one @patorankingfire
Kinda want to be something cute for Halloween, kinda want to be the pumpkin head dude and dance around weird
DUDE I just ran so many errands
it's easier then first dude lots of graphs tho
thank you Alvaro, miss you my dude
love Omar! What a nice dude
yea for real dude that's why most times I'm dick to them so if I am nice it is flirting
yeah id check the mix in a Tesla instead of a Mono dude way way wayyyy quieter in there.
I'm not mad... I just don't give a damn.. There's a difference
Forget the Dos Equis guy; Spurrier is the most interesting dude to walk a football sideline. He never had a governor switch o
the opening melodies. DUDE.
Happy G Day #Ripper You got a Bright Career ahead Of you my dude , your Tape Drops
me either fr I just wanna laugh why you up so early lame dude
when dude says he gets girls but every girl you're friends w says they curved him oops
they're not confused, they're just being who they actually are. gosh, i know how it feels dude.
'Dude we wrote a fucking hit, there's no way im not eating panda express' -Michael
Dude! Do you remember this?
This dude is messaging me about Haley Detrick but little did anyone know he was in my Dm's not to long ago.
Dude, seriously? #sigh
. Is this BJP MP Satyapal Singh, police commissioner dude tagged as Sexpal Singh 4 running a brothel frm his flat? He's a BJP MP? WOW!
Single Life Vs. Married Life
haven't you seen it yet!?!? NO WAAY DUDE IT WAS AWESOME! JEEZUZ IT WAS AWESOME! Where have you been dude? It was amazing
it's crazy dude. I've been noticing that too
why dude?
#FannySniffing,#WetPants,#Panties,#HairyTeens,#Moms: Dude Thrusts His Penis Deep In Laurel Berry's Throat
The "hell no" list: Bill Cower, Mack Brown, Doc Holliday, the dude at NC State, Tom Obrion, Schianno, Ty Whittingham
dude I don't think I'll have homework today so I should be able to play ratchet. I can't sign in to my ps4 online account
Sorry dude!
Never forget your friends when you're in a relationship.
dude my bus never comes early smh
Dude I'm done with Twitter time for tacos
LMFAO NEVER HAND A WHITE DUDE THE AUX CORD
tfw ur dad only leaves u a vine
Dude that looks just like him lol
yeah boy!!! hows your training going dude?
dude run for office someday para you can use #theGreatStoneDragon for ur official hashtag
She's a keeper. Too bad you didn't keep her.
Dude was in a relationship with a girl for 4 years, went to jail for 2 days and came home to his girl w/ another dude h
#sex,#porn,#xxx,#sexy,#teen,#pussy,#movie: Kinky Dude Fucks Brunette And Blond Dude And Cums On His Chest
The world will be a better place when people stop taking that dudes words like theyre facts and he knows all
Dude I won $1400 at the Casino
Ronda Rousey reveals why she has 'as much sex as possible' before every fight
" 15 pages. I was like "Seriously? Are you kidding me?" " dude that\'s still short compared to what I\'m studying rn
Fangirling even tho you're a dude #animelife
Dude, CNN in Greece? Magic
yo dude, just about to have lunch! What you been doing?
loving the new tune home dude ! heres mine if you fancy a listen would be awesome to do a collab soon
DUDE THIS LOOKS SO GOOD CAN I ??
They bangin everywhere dude
Hey dude. Can we Snapchat.?
That presidential candidate sayin he's gonna legalize the 4 seasons like dude u r a joke get outta here. Bigger problems bruh
wow some dude on the bus just told the bus driver to change the station as it was playing ATL... freakin rude >;:(
dude why must you follow people right before I wake up to go to work
So are you just going to be greedy with the albums? What the fuck dude..lol
wat ez et dude
Happy birthday miss you dude
Dude. Go shave your mustache. Just because it looks good on your mother doesn't mean you can wea it well.
whats good my dude
hahahah sorry dude. I thought you were
of course dude
There was a dude on the bus today with a really cool chest and arm sleeve tattoo in tribal patterns. Awesome.
Dude who cant get her HAHAHAHAHA
evacuation bus drill? dude I'm in the shortest skirt ever. I'm not jumping out of the back of a bus, no thank you.
I say "i don\'t know" to everything when I\'m in a bad mood.
My dude
"There\'s a sense of intimacy between dude\'s face and my bullet; I couldn\'t help but think of Kimber and Stormer in Jem." Matt reviews COD
WHAT THE ACTUAL FUDGE U FOLLOWED BUNCH OF SAVED ACCS DUDE ):
Plzz kindly take note of that sign language dude. Dat guy dey do som kain signs. I dey see ram style, headache style etc
This is Jackson cooing JB to talk about his acting in dramas and JB just went like "dude no wtf I have nothing to say"
Send out the link Jon (pretend that I'm a dude if that helps you)
dude you're from Edinburgh you can be mean to me all you want no really though thanks You're a life saver.
Another Golden Flashes alum, former star @Dat_Dude_Nix, (No. 45) blocking on the game winner!
Adoptable One cool dude #doginsunnies
See? It's not that bad, dude. [Tyler laughed, swimming towards the edge of the pool and folding his arms over the side.]
Thanks dude
if it was a white dude in his bedroom with an old acoustic guitar, front page of Rolling Stone and the saviour of rock
Dude Guy does
welcomeeee to the familyyyy. *winks* enjooyyy her stay dude.
aye remember this dude from wayyyy back
Ha ha ha, talk about promises dude.
dude i woulda came if i was awake
It's crazy how quickly people can forget about you, until they want something from you.
Dude, tf?
good night dude :D
Me my g some looking dude.
dude what are you 12 years old lol who says rude you grumpy sum bitch
Dancer Lost Her Leg In An Accident But Went On To Achieve Something Impossible.
okk thanks dude
my sentiments exactly dude.
happy birthday dude miss you
when you run into the dude that owe you money // w.
my bad dude ian even see this
memu uneducated ..still learning dude
You with him But I thought you was bi, you was just kissing on a bitch,Faked a coma, faked a car accident, was with another dude in school
Wow Same here. Dude tweets that my assassination would make his timeline crazy. No consequences.
Dude Made A Kid Call His Mother After Catching Him Stealing His Car! quot;They Could #039;ve Killed Your Azz quot;
Be happy. Be who you wanna be. If others doesn't like it, then let them be. Happiness is a choice. Life isn't about ple
Happy birthday Akin. Smart dude...not everytime on the political divide. Have fun
Oh my... pictures of feet... really? C'mon, it's lunchtime here dude!!!
DOWN AF DUDE
I really don't like this dude! He's a quitter unless it's health related
oh sick dude. Where at ?
Lmao. A face with hairs?? Dude when will BP repent?? Never, yea? Yea never.
"Sack up dude" - Raj Koothrappali
dude your bio is my problem in life
Little dude slept 10-4
A real boyfriend never "gives up" on his girl. He fights for her.
Dude on my flight just asked me who I came to see at ACL....
Fml dude.
J.Cole is so great, I can listen to this dude talk for so long just straight talking bout life and how to get thru shit. ma nigggga
can you say how to get tickets to see justin in tfi fridays with you already? u making it too long dude
Check this out. Dude always has solid recording and mixing advice!!
sorry dude can't right now. I'm about to go to school
dude I got some lyrics if you wanna buy them from me
Pretty cool being able to shoot the shit with other vets. I seriously was talking to this dude for almost two hours absolutely nothing.
Dude said baby everybody got a price I hit his ass with but not everyone has morals like myself
I get re-pissed about an old situation whenever I start thinking about it again..
Hey dude
I know my attitude can be rotten, so I don't wait for a dude to hand me the world, I get that shit myself.
Will anyone be interested in my podcast where a dude with the voice of a squirrel rambles about random shit? I guess Foamy was a thing.
#fat,#TeenSolo,#SexySunday,#Teeny,##BBW,#porn,#hot,#sex,#movie,# FreeSex: Super Curvy Chubby Teen With Huge...
isnt it great dude
"There is nothing wrong with money, dude. The problem in life is attachment to money.
Dude comes over, you warm leftovers from 2 weeks ago...
You don't like crazy women? Then you may be gay dude
Sometimes, you just say "I\'m fine" because it\'s difficult to find someone who actually listens and cares.
dude, I called him a cunt on several occasions if anyone's the bully its me! I told him he had an Asian dick
tongue kissing just soooo raw dude . that lip biting sucking , them neck kisses , that ass grab
Just read an article about @General_Mittenz. What an awesome dude and noble cause. Go follow him!! @General_Mittenz
Ladies always look at guys flaunting cash I KNOW FROM EXPERIENCE DUDE #blackosama #tshirt
And now the hammy over the top dude who make the Jonathan Joestar/John Cena pose. And screams his attacks like this is an anime.
Lucky dude fucks cute plumper's throat and titties - Plump Mature
happy 5 months to this cute dude 10.13.15
mit Pullover?
Dude whys everyone suddenly so childish immature
gah lol you fancy my dude. I drink my liquor right out the bottle tho. no mix needed.
dude I am sitting here on Twitter and haven't gotten up to eat breakfast yet I don't want to go to school
lol are you sure you ready for that ? marriage is no joke dude one girl for the rest of your life ...
Dis Dude can Jump so high.... Try me #DWP #DanceWithPeter
Dude..... Disturbed is still a band
I'll always love you more tho
There's no doubt that most of those involved in the #NoBraDay are ladies eager to show their tits pervert guys
Dude control that english
Megan Fox Shows Off Sexy MILF Bod In Leaked Pics
lmaao she slept with the dude from the fbi academy as well #quantico
no dude, some people get offended bc I never know how to respond.. im just not the person to go to when it comes 2 that lol
Dude regroup
There's a minor subroute in one otome game I recall, where yeah, basically the trap dude's reasoning was that.
dude seriously #EMABiggestFansJustinBieber
"ONE fuckin in-app purchase and this dude get to trippin I just...
I wish dude but I'm like 4 hours away from cph
Throat hurt so bad dude
Dude I just finished watching like 5 minecraft story mode videos and its 7 in the morning. Send help.
Like the movie choices, but - dude - always put CHILDREN OF MEN and STAR WARS before WALL-E. Always.
Retweeted Shaun King (@ShaunKing): Same here. Dude tweets that my assassination would make his timeline crazy....
Like ur smile dude
Dude which season you at
Fucking school dude
I can't deal with people that play games waste my time..
This dude lowkey airbended that salsa
nothing is worse than seeing thirsty dude artists who draw sexy pinups of female disney villains
statistically it's impossible even w/o the withheld statistics dude u guys are premier Asian mafia keep doin u
just take care of you, dude
I'm fucking freezing dude
Early morning warm up dude. #sketch #sketchdailies #sketchbook #art #ink #dailydoodle #doodle
Unturned With Molinaridude (Season 1: Part 2): via @YouTube
and a happy birthday to this biker dude
I had a dream some scientist dude was insulting to and she got angry and told him off! #AngryVivian
whats dude??
tekzenmusic: Finishing up the next album #purpose with my dude @justinbieber. Worked on pretty much every song...
Dude, you started.
Im a good dude who takes pride in that!
Just remember, I gave a fuck when no one else did..
DUDE ITS LITERALLY WWAT NIALL HAIR MINUS THE BRUNETTE
Dude fr
Someone just proposed during john cena's match. Couldn't it wait dude. #disrespectingcena
dude you need a real hype playlist
Free Gun Dude Event - Coffee, Tea and Guns!
Like I said dude. Karma always come back whether its good or bad karma
happy birthday my nigga !!!! Enjoy your day dude and may God bless you w/ many many more #octoberbabi
rip to a good dude
Dude I always try to beat Tori but
Free Gun Dude Event -\xffCoffee, Tea and Guns! -
this dude is so quiet...
This dude was is literally flirting with us, and I've left my friends with him
Caring too much only fucks you over.
DUDE WTF I'M JOKIMG I LOVE YOU AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
pretty sure you saw the Day Today but dude, Lit
Someone send this dude a dick pic
omg I miss you dude!!! Thanks baby, love you so much
dude made an anti-Semitic comment, I called him out on it. You can defend that if you want.
Back in the day , before I started catching feelings , I was a cold dude.
yea the one wit the ball, he our main back. Cold lil dude
I ain't a rap dude I'm a dude that raps
But the way this dude talks about 6 minutes...you'd think i was the only one on it... lol
"Dude you look dead" ..
Happy Birthday to my right hand, my go to. And to the dude who almost shot someone for me lmao. Love you bro @walkersto
Dude is genuinely scared of Harbaugh. Lays them out so anything can be spun in favor of MSU regardless of a Win or Loss.
Happybirthday dude
Branden ! Thanks for the Follow Dude
STATE FUCKING CHAMPS DUDE WAAAAAAAAAAHHHHH
dude mini is biblical im single uploading it
Going to see somebody dude girl later
congrats dude!
Happy flipping birthday !! I hope you have a great day dude
hehe watch this dude He is trying to attack me xD LOL look like when he tried to get your rig for free
24 [M4A] #Orlando area - Disney World - Chubby dude up for anything! #reddit #blowjob
awesome stuff dude - I was very sad not to get a pass for Birmingham :-(
No dude. Quit being punkish
we're talking about something between dude bae so u cant know pmsl
Girls who say, "a lot of guys are after me", should keep in mind that low prices always attract many customers.
Dude threw a garbage can
Have a great LA gig dude and se eyou when you get back!
and #Lambert need a tv show. Probably the funniest dude on snap, and it's not even his
ClinTon, Not Clin-un, Come on, dude, You are paid to talk on the radio. Stop embarrassing yourself.
So naturally this dude catches on the security's guards chirping since he is partially black in a way
and it turned out ur wrong dude. Instead, #4thpower sang Show Me How You Burlesque
Real shit dude
good night and good luck dude
dude I know. it's an old post from 18 july . the mistake in flightradar dara was later explained a weeek later.
Dude. I've been wasting my life all day
dude you are crazy
Dude ..... we for sue am ..... atleast compensation
When is a lucky dude.
Holyyy shit *Q* You are not the only one, dude
dude you shouldn't have dropped out in the first place.
"Your friend Samantha has been Facebook friends with this random fucking dude you have no other connection to for five years!" Okay, thanks.
Love ya dude.
dude, doing your pose is so much easier than making a cover AND I have a terrible voice CGE GO PAYRRR
i bought a pizza today and found hairs in 2 slices. I didn't pay for this dude .don't u guys maintain a hygienic environment ??
Surfer Schlereth (Dibble) is outstanding. Love listening to that dude.
Nasty whore fucks younger dude
It's been a while dude @zaynmalik
dude where are your bio creds??\xa8?
Wow that was dude
Hey dude, I love your videos! :)
[mysterious old lady flips tarot card revealing a dude who looks exactly like me flying a hot air balloon into power li
re fucking tweet dude. Miss you
what happened to you dude????
DUDE HE TEXTED ME AN HOUR AGO AND NOW HE WONT ANSWER WHY COULDNT I WAKE UP EARLIER IM SO BORED
Happy birthday dude miss yah @ElianaaCastroo
#Just Legal,#Teensex,#GangBang,#Dogging,#uksex: Handsome Dude Fucks Beautiful Brunette And Sucks Big Cock At...
almost 2k rts dude cmon
Dude, dude, dude, dude, dude. You need to draw a sexy dude sometime! :D Any excuse will work. rofl. aljdnsajkdna
"You should run now while you have the chance I am crazy" - Dude\'s all shocked when she turns out crazy
Dude I'm so exited
This dude aint chillin
This Udoma Udo Udoma ministerial nominee dude has a gay lisp. Anyone else heard it?
the lagg dude... the lagg
Hahaha is this dude in The Celts trying to out-scarf Neil Oliver?
Now that the novelty of eating McDonald's breakfast at night has worn off, come back to Arbys where time passes, things
dude I wanna hear something new from you. The silence is Killing us.
He say he put his all into that relationship but obviously she didn't if she got another dude already
Dude Doesnt Pull Out, His Girlfriend's Response Is What You Would Expect!....
dude, same to u..
Dude went above and beyond
dude you and I gotta see a sleep Doctor or somethin
i call everyone dude hahahaha
LOL now that dude looks like Corey in the house AND LOOK AT THE END LOLOL
Dude :)
why did bus driver dude choose to be late today
***Cool dude. Wise words*** #amreading #amwriting #amediting #memoir #bestseller #ohYeah!
Nah this Lungile dude doesn't know business principles.. The pitch nje tells it all..
He causes the night to enter the day, and He causes the day to enter the night. #Quran 35:13
lol right haha a dude from my platoon calls me that
Ask nicely dude! #OTWOLReunited JaDine #PushAwardsJaDines
hah np dude! I'll get on my computer in w bit, and send u the links!
dude me too Literal lol @tyleroakley
stop with your weird fantasies dude. Practice with your dog.
what is this dude saying I'm 180% sure he is from California
Oral #service for fat dude #babe #oral
#KylieJenner #6 is lik a dropkik 2 the chest, itz sumthng ull nvr 4get!! DAAAMMMNN my dude, U WIN!! #Respect #Props #Daps
"The dude who almost shot someone for me" lolol he shoulda shot me, shotguns don\'t hurt I go shot yesterday
DUDE SOFIA DUDE LETS GO AND PREORDER
There are other ways to create breast cancer awareness than degrading yourself!!!
HELL FUCKING YEAH MAN CONGRATS ON EING ACCEPTED ON ALIAS FUCK YEAH DUDE
I bet that pious camera cunt is the sort of dude who objects to women wearing headphones on public transport so he can't talk to them
Dude killed it!
Sexual Anime Porn Honeys Touching The Fatty Dude`s Shap #hentai #hentailovers #hentaianime
I'm JS rn once I get my shit I won't lose lmfao if this dude really hooks me up
Broccoli: I look like a tree. Walnut: I look like a brain. Mushroom: I look like an umbrella. Banana: Dude! Change the topic.
Bruhh.. this dude killed this Hotline Bling Cover.
This Puerto Rican Dude Created A Donald Trump Salsa Anthem To Show Not All Latinos via
Dude, that looks like your brother :D
She prolly has small boobs" Tosin I trust u" -__-" Tell them" NoBraDay is not fo
Fantastic dude. Though I really do miss seeing Bran Cranston as Walter white..
hey if ur different n edgy into things that most ppl arnt thats tite dude but honestly i don give a shit so pls stop tal
[Dude]: ... And you will, uh, you know, you'll, uh, you know what I'm trying to say... [Donny]: I am the Walrus.
Tonight marks the 2nd time in a concerningly short period that someone has alerted me to a spider about to drop on my head
Dude. I'm tired of her. Let me VN you what she did. Ffs.
"Dude, she snapchated me first and I didn\'t reply. I\'m such a boss!"
uhggggggghhhhh
ass dude
Happy bday my dude @mrmatthill21
#PushAwardsDARRENatics MASH UP Ni DARREN Cool dude!
I'm one lucky freaking dude
DUDE ITS SO COLF
#Slag,#milfanal,#teensluts,#mom,#sexual,#Teacher: Two Fucking Hot Babes In Police Uniform Fuck Dude In A Cage
yeah, I saw a dude get on one today cos I was thinking how the fuck do you balance yourself and go
We get it, you smoke dude.
Heard it all now. Hong Kong's Gaylord - an excellent Indian restaurant. Some dude just ordered a mild vindaloo. Tart!
Me leaving a meet and greet
You can say that again dude ...........world of possibilities we live in you know
dude! I'm trying to remain civilised here.
Give a dude some vacation sick time and they never wanna go in
When the weakest dude In your squad rey go to jail for trying to be too hard
yeah dude also when you wake up make sure to get back to me about stealing your catchphrase v important
no dude. I just like Darth Vader.
Hot Dude, Big Cock needs BJ (strip) via @Jemopiyo
dude. this is such an old pic im crying also striped villager is my baby so just back off man
Aloneeeee........
Most girls: I WANNA CHOCOLATES FLOWERS MAKE-UP TEDDYBEARS NEW CLOTHES BLAH BLAH BLAH Me: Books, dude... Books.
Last night I was in a room with the dude who cancelled Freaks and Geeks. And yes, I did totally call him out on it.
dude you don't even know how badly I wanted to be a mermaid growing up bc of h2o
"Why would you think Anri was a futa? That\'s really sick, dude." #MelonsBot
I ain't gonna chase after u dude.
if u ain't going down on her dude you ain't doing shid
I suck at flirting.....I will literally call the guy I like "dude" and "bro"
People suck dude
#Gotham is not the same without Jerome. He was one BadAss Dude #Gotham
wow dude. Are they trying to make a corvette? It's cool but they gotta be careful!
lol that dude's face
"I seriously doubt your intentions, dude
dude on some real shit
Tired as hell dude .
Ever wondered who the glass shattering dude on was? That's - my vocal coach!
Ghetto Gaggers make me mad bcuz the white men b talkin down to my black sisters ....jus cum on her dude
Everyone is celebrating and this dude is looking at these Natives like "boy
dude who posted FDC naked chic mbu 'no bra day'
make sure to taste your words before you spit them out, dude.
Yessss. That dude is nuts. We hope to not run into dude smh
Hello.
#TDMS Yep some dude in Galloway took a picture of the Jersey Devil...
this dude be eating the wrong type of pussy
I love all the ridiculous scenarios that preface every dude-incognito-at-lady-school vn.
Dude, how about some communication with me?
I love this dude!! Thank you for believing in me and for all the support and advice. I
It's Miriam vs. Dumb people, dude
dude can't wait for my birthday
5 MIN LEFT IN MY SHIFT AND SOMEONE BUYS A GRANOLA BAR AND PAYS CASH I GOT SO CLOSE TO GETTING OUT ON TIME THNX DUDE
my neighbors always leave so late. they leave their house to come get me at 7:20 and the late bell is at 7:35 ...like...dude..
Thank you dude, been a long time coming
they are stupid expensive now dude
stick with us my dude
#fat,#TeenSolo,#SexySunday,#Teeny,##BBW,#porn,#hot,#sex,#movie,# FreeSex: Leggy Brunette Gets Her Shaved...
dude it was so tragic like I never want to experience that again, I'm scared to go back to sleep
Ok...little dude needs to stop growing. For a surprise he took over and made my breakfast this morning. Hell yeah t
dude i cant even get up to pee
Damn. Bruhh.. this dude killed this Hotline Bling Cover
yeah that churva hahaha after finals dude .
yo dude, love ur work. said it before. don't worry, we got you! good luck!
Happy birthday my dude @KStackzBayBee4
Best I\'ve seen all day" Not Bad" #NoBraDay #Predicta
DUDE WHERE HAVING SNOW THIS WEEK
you have to just see the unathletic dude that wrote the article. He looks like he could have played Napoleon Dynamite!!!
Dude. Count Chocula augmented reality. It is the 21st century.
Young pretty b-cup blonde spreads her legs so black dude can suck her pussy -
The best I've heard. Bruhh.. this dude killed this Hotline Bling Cover....
well I know you can pass all the other tests okay fucking smash it dude
dude would have managers quit on him left and right he has a hard timelistening commiting to schedulesl
Unleashed! Hoping you are going nooo :-( hahah sonic nalang dude
you are fucking ace! Cheers dude :)
This is the dude calling you fake all day @RedScarce... to spread awareness
Gerard's form of a crazy prank is telling the dude at Starbucks his name is Gerald
Question: If you were sleeping between a hot chick and a gay dude, who's side would you turn your back to? Don't scroll past
see u on saturday dude :)...
Fuck yeaa dude ! Save me a spot in your friend list, I'll have a ps4 in like 2 or 3 weeks :)
Tour finished, new single
WATCH SHE GETS RUBBED AND FUCKED: #hentai #porn #sex #xxx
you will win if you'll play some artemis! Dude artemis is SS+
dude dudette, meetings been cancelled, please can you tell the team?
okay calm down dude
wait, it says here that white people playing with masculinity is the truest and most powerful form of queerness? dude, whoa
basically
crazy ass dude
How to fangirl at school
....its amazing man....nice cover dude.. :-)
Like how this dude makes a complete 180 in two weeks and now doesn't want us to live there.
Got a bitch stare from a dude!?!?
Cowabunga Dude! #Win the action packed TMNT Complete 1st 2nd Season! US/CAN 10/23
I went to bed at 6 am last night after the game. Slept like a baby. Turned it down cold, made it pitch black. Europe sleep
The Fangirl motto
Dude!!! Where are you? Been way too long since I've seen you!
This guy is a toddler. "lil puppy" my dude tho!!!!!
the racist dude???
that happens when you kill dogs dude.
And it's more stressful than a real relationship
thanks dude I guess the Monado does need a bit of human energy, so rest at an inn
thanks alot dude &lt;3 c:
yeah dude... that just sounded like trouble.
when u tryna curve a dude and he hit you with a "your attitude is hot" NO DUDE!! I JUST DONT LIKE YOU!!!!!!!
damn dude, that "Last Episode" got me scared for a second. Muscles Glasses walking in, scary.
Congrats on 1 Million dude you deserve it keep up the good work
stop lying dude. From past one week u r repeating same things. U don't have anything to answer.. All stupids are stting
Big big big! Keep changing the game my dude!
dude r u stoned?
Save your hippie mind games for someone else dude...
idk dude she cuter than u and her personality better so she really winning
dude so many things today. LAN lineup, SWMF announcement with more bands, day for night lineup, and A NEW EPISODE OF THE FLASH
Strange dude asked me to marry him...never even met him before.
what's good my dude my
HO DUDE dont do that still pretty crippled
Dude prolly too drunk he forgot where he park his car at
Dude up here moody than a bitch
alright!! dude, there's just jealous people bro!! Dont worry
she loved me dude i remeber the first day i met her she said i was so handsome, stay strong and keep positive vi
If you ever need someone to talk to, I got you, my dude.
thanks for sorting us out with the phone dude much appreciated
dude are you freakin serious?
best lead off in post season another hr! Dude Putin in work
dude bro Fr the rain mad relaxing
Dude in my inital goal and people start reading past tweets just a warning, don't click the following tweet link
Nice one! I watched them last night and heard all your cheeky asides, dude ;)
Happy Birthday my best! . Wish you all the best dude muaahh :*
If you beefin over a dude in 2015 and it's going on 2016... Kill yourself
straight-woman-with-dude-fashion-acumen at your service. Done hai.
5:30 will kill u dude
dude, get a life
last question from Delaware dude was just pathetic
omg? Ur m4ke BB crm? Like seme dude
why snow trusts every1 like a dude just came back from the death and u trust him why cant u chill
Dear employees The fridges have RedBull. Disprin in the first aid box. Please don't kill anyone over the next 5 days. R
#AllyIsOurPrincess #AllyIsOurQueen That dude only wants attention
Intruder alert! Weird dude with a mohawk invades The Offspring then life goes on!
dude! I'm so happy right now
need black dude or dudes for anal fucking now (church and carlton)
I have the ugliest cough dude I sound like a drunk monkey or something
HO DUDE WE SCRAPIN
If only oomf knew the # of people trying to talk to me is ridiculous dude lol wtf
Don't lie in my face telling me I'm pretty cuz I'm burning hot dude
" Cam is giving this dude the business! Proud of your boy..... #vicious #bullrush #Steelers #proud
R u more Dude or Diva? Interact with new music video to find out!
dude I'm right here.
dude I'll fight you, lately I have been wanting to fight people a lot
I bet these A-list pop producers couldn't go and write some chiptunes though. Only, like, sample them from a Finnish dude. Y'al
why is columbus even celebrated dude thought the americas was asia and then proceeded to infect a nation with nasty small p
It would be cool if the dude behind me would stop kicking my seat
A dude will say "aye she got pretty eyes" and the first bitch that talk gon be jealous and say "yeah but her eyebrows tras
Thanks for listening dude! Hope all is well TWO FAVOURITE PEOPLE INTERACTING AHHH
dude I do this thing called sleeping
YES DUDE OMG
dude I admire you sm it's weird like I love ur hair ur style u and everything u r so great dude
My dads so happy I'm finally a dude for a day
OMG DUDE NO ONE CARES #nswpol via @smh
I DID THIS WITH MY FINGER DUDE IT HUS
DUDE CONGRATS
Only in SC would you find a fb relationship status update with a split screen of the dude holding up the head of the deer he just killed.
cheers for the follow dude :)
20rm for taxi!?!! Are u serious dude hate ma life
As if it isn't already obvious, U.S. probes allegations AB InBev seeking to curb craft beer distribution
stop lying dude. Past one week i m listening to this only. U guys are bunch of foolsss....
That walking announcement thing is legit, . Sheldy is afraid of bikes and one dude proceeded to come straight at us
And this dude.
your the shit dude! i love the vids and the streams and ive been a tunaa for almost 2 years from the earlier weed stories anyways thx
When you realize the dude you like is going to be interviewing you...I'm so screwed.
Happy birthday my dude @TShill_97
Dude at didn't seem happy about no designated smoking areas. Picked up his bag and headed out. Boarding is in 30 mins.
Roger that dude annoys me - escort him out
pls I need to get in touch with mrs ogundare, her number has not been reachable and its urgent I talk to her
I missed u too dude
it looks like that terrorist dude harper?? after he got the boot to try and stay on turtle island...hmmm better...
Been there, dude. :(
this Ryan dude from Sji that I met today had the nicest handwriting ever I swear
I had places to be at dude. Would've stopped and said hi but I was in a rush. See y'all when you guys preform on thrusday
OMG Dude! The next episode will be on October 26, 2015 and Gideon's gonna break out the prison...
dude I saw what you and Pierre were talking about on YouNow! laughed so hard at your reactions!
=>; GSwagg Complete feat. Chel'e - Do It Like A Dude #nowplaying on TMOTTGoGo Radio at
Stay strong dude.
its us dude its us
Ireland and Malta dude
I'm pretty interested. just a young dude
his knee didn't hit the ground stupid it was on top of the Chargers arm stop hating dude
I guess reviews for this dude's books are good places for politics as well.
Bruh... I got some good ass muhfuckin sleep, my dude.
So amused by this clip I got during the mock debates at @nerdconstories. The drumsticks dude... #nerdconstories
Omg look, the sentence you say to every girl. Even me, bravo dude!!
Good dude just tired
dude I can't. I tried. Your account doesn't let me tag you
I see you man with shades and game boy dude
and the other day dude was playing cod ghosts smh
dude it's ridiculous what you have to do to be considered popular now lmao
i read somewhere aboutt this dude got to put in the butt after buying this mom a coffee?? lmao desperate skank hos
Photoset: dude
dude they can hear you.
omg dude! This is hilarious
Dude! People go on as if it doesn't exist! It's really sad and unacceptable actually
dude I need a jo
curly red head dude and the blonde chick from Dani's team
for sure dude, tell everyone and their nanas that Saturday has to get down @jackiehurtado_
g dude then lets make sabay to the south pare
It's never gonna happen dude. DannyB doesn't work with Ed or Team Meat anymore
dude for real, like at least I'm not lying and telling you everything is alright, I'm telling you there's a fucking problem.
Don't surrender in the moment.....keep fighting. Whatever you're currently dealing with is just for a time....
swear i thought this was a white dude then i started to look closer and said wait is that terri
dude I do this
is one of my favorite rappers . The dude just got soo much ambition in him
The store two blocks over so tell me why this dude just walked me there and back lol
I liked a video Side Dude Services ft. Spoken Reasons Comedian JayMac #ADDSketch
lol dude i'm nadelete that tweet i thought it's nagdoble HAHAHA
This dude is only 4 days old. Zonette more like .
Dude Rand has no chill
This is the weirdest dude I've ever met
the weird dude on twitter
Get better soon dude &lt;3
you know you\'re friends with Taylor Grant when you have a major problem with saying "dude" lol
dude I wish I could but my hands broken
Really Sorry Dude!! On limit! I'm sorry!! #EMABiggestFans1D
keeping balance dude,v just watch thm in breaks to keep ourselves sane
This the type of dude you be reading about on your math problems
wahahahaa! You're so cute dude hahaha black cards must seen this photo of yours hahahaha
CATCH Lucy Luciano, KO, Sippizone, K.I.G , Tugga Dude MORE HITTIN THE STAGE ON 11/20 IN WILLMAR, MN!! NEED...
Ima beat the fuck out dude when I see him
aye LOL on BD I was nice to dude then he started confiding in me I was just tryna be a good Twitter friend mane
i think im good on piercings dude i want more tattoos
dude more like 50 years
dude I fucking feel this on a whole new level. Its perfectly healthy to callout someones bullshit
I find it hilarious when people threaten to donate to FF, or Harper or whomever in order to "hurt" #GamerGate. It\'s your
Dude what are you doing
dude why is cheese so good
hope you get better dude
Sometimes you need DEEP! AB Soul is just that dude
This dude brought a whole pizza onto the plane.
So sad. You set me free. You let me go. Your lost dude.. not mine
Dude...
Dude Doesnt Pull Out, His Girlfriend's Response Is What You Would Expect!
Life isn't paradise dude
smashing, you're all sorted for tonight dude! Just say your name on the door, you're down with a +1
dude we had to watch the full video of this in ece, im crying.
Oof, dude.
Hahah wish thobile please don't make me start lol now people will start to think I had that dude lol
you're not funny dude. Later
no dude, i never cant find you i guess you low on honor now
What is faster hot or cold ? What, dude ? Hot, because you can catch a cold
You are awesome dude for following Ari. She's the best and she deserves it so much!
dude who cares about one guys score anyway
dude that's so deep
that classic men dude
why are you even talking shit dude I have nothing against you..
Congrats to who is currently #1 on iTunes with Wicked Game. Yeah dude! Head to
wow that must've taken more than two years to make great job dude!
yeah dude pls
From kwanyuswa to Tongaat with my dude Wandile Soul-Tainments Mtshali
dude on the right look more like mike tomlin than mike tomlin does
#FannySniffing,#WetPants,#Panties,#HairyTeens,#Moms: Chubby Dude Pounding Petite Snatch Of Slutty Ruri Kouda
Guy watches dude fuck his BF #bbbh #bb33
Awwwww Robbie is singing Let it go for teddy
Don\'t Bring It Here Fam! Cut It Out My Dude! Da Rugged Remnant - "Cut It Out" (Official Music Video)
dude ur lineart is neat as hell
Nah this dude was the real GOAT
dude. Fucked.
Duck shooting guy is back... Wtf dude it's 6:51
Happy Birthday Joey Belladonna. A true Metal vocalist A true Metal dude.
LIKE WHAT THE FUCK DUDE????? U HAVE A 'GIRLFRIEND' BUT U BOTH TALK TO OTHER PEKPLE AND ITS NOTHING OFFICIAL????
I feel bad for helping prank a dude who got laid off a few months ago
Shut up dude! Hes mine!
My dude's last baby tooth just cracked and came out.. He's like the #Hulk
seriously, dude sounds so butt hurt. Must've had his Hollywood dreams crushed. Awww.
I really miss Nicaragua dude
idk dude
The dude hopped out the wheelchair bro
Look Man manus was a fled up dude no one wanted Bikies didn't want him Extremists didn't want him He was a dude doin bad deeds That's all
hey dude I hope you like these!!!
boy you used to go with that dude Ahmed fuck out my face
What exactly about a living wage screams "entitled" but a dude with a bunch of boats cars is just a hard worker?
yess! Mums a proper fan girl!
Cause 2 out of every 5 of yall don't care and still let a dude hit. Friends or not
HAHAHA dude i was waiting for you to say that moist hahahaha
a dude can wear armor and still look extremely muscular, it can even make it look better, men don't usually think the same with
dude your cologne is so strong my eyes are watering.
#Lucky #Dude #Gets To #Spurt His #Seed #Anytime He #Wishes
dude Mitchell this was awesome
dude thanks for the follow, your music if freaking amazing and Im a huge fan
dude! overkill :-)
dude, we had him 3 times! That was crazy. Lol
New: Some Dude Got Shot In Head After A Crowd Egged The Gunman On Outside Pats Vs Cowboys
Hell yeah dude
Dude I've been here from the start, and forever loving you
watever dude dm is for pussies lol
dude tru!!! that was the most painful one for me
Eminem really look like the dude from 8 mile
. Oh, it's just some dude playing on twitter. #Nevermind
DUDE WON THE FIGHT AND STAED SCREAMING DRAKE LYRICS
You are just copying them dude
jirre dude I can't that.
Loyalty is all she ever ask dude, she didn't ask for more
Wow, the dude in 8 Mile looks sooo much like Eminem
me: FriendBot do u find this saddening Bot #8217: ya *both weep*
dude that's a tough course! May have to hit the range Monday before footy! Pretty darn physical as well, can you hack it all?
FUCK YOU DUDE
later dude
its part of game dude. Stop crying!
Dude made a stellar roster and injected the money he made from his cons.
dude seriously might need to borrow Burton for some animal therapy
very cool and funny tweet dude! hahahahahahahaha! keep it up champ! xD :3 XD XD
open your fcking mind dude
dude it's literally a swirling vortex of doom (not to mention hypnotizing) god he's awesome
dude, the ranks of #IS in the area are known. He is not one of them.
dude, you're a moron, and you come off as such. You're a waste of time. I haven't even read your tweets. Done
dude... X
that video was so sick dude! Definitely one of your best! Keep up the sick work &lt;3 #LTARMY
dude you fuckin geek me out daily lmao you're half the reason I check twitter, u da man
di lang kita true friend at bestfriend dude. xD you're my brother
dude im literally just picturing this and im laughing so hard for some reason !
hahaahahaha thankss dude . may Allah bless you too . stay pretty . lyt
oh thanks man very helpful advice. dude!
Dude I fucking love Maryland
love you dude
Happy birthday dude hope your day is super blessed
In so much pain dude
Dude. Well, u've got license plate, the time it happened. File a complaint. Give the pigs some work to do.
Like relax my dude
dude I just want to follow you around for a day or 2. I know I'd be able to pick up on some of it.
Dude! Girls like things haay " Guys could be like "showyourvaginaday" and girls would jump at it. Smh"
boys on the bus- kfc is there dude smirking at me- is it halal though? I only do halal me- *rolls eyes back to brasil*
Why is Yacaman still racing then? Having watched him in other races the dude is way too aggressive.
Waking up early is the worst feeling ever dude
I heard about this dude last year, and it still hurts to read. I can't stand these devils.
Ehis of mtvbase is a video vixen,that dude is in every video
Happy birthday to this fried monkey. Enjoy your day my dude!
dude of course it's okay. can't wait for the 10th now though
So yesterday I was questioned by my grandparents why they have no great grandchildren yet... #no #18 #singlelife u next dude
#hot,#teen,#nsfw,#porn,#milf: Young Dude Fucks Horny Grannie Missionary Style From Behind
rePLY TO MY DMS DUDE
I know how it feels to need caffeine dude
one of my most cherished memories is when we jumped out of a moving vehicle to stop that dude manhandling his girl
Why is this dude blasting his AC
rex seems like a chill dude, have only seen 4 horsemen but he tried to help stroheim cut greed lol
typo! Turun. Bukan turum. Lemme tell you something, dude.. all you need is big portion beer. U can hv them at Houtenhand. x"D
Hahahahahaha Dude, there is a Bible verse that mentions Christians. Let me get it for you in a minute @josephmay23
hey dude, sorry to hear things happened, /hugs
nah dude, seems like there\'s no way to fix it Despite it being a cool watch the game isn\'t ""known""
we all scrappin dude
dude BLACK SAILS. BEST.SONG.EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
All cool, dude. All we all want is a win Wednesday. Then none of this matters Friday!
ohhh shit dude
Dude, you are paid to talk on the radio. It's PU-TIN, not poo-in. Step it up bitch.
I miss you too dude! You'll be back before you know it! Keep your head up
no problem dude
early to rise is good, dude
Childish Gambino omg this dude is fire with his music
Congrats dude !
I can't believe I made the most anime inference of character on a dude
AJ from #EmpireRecords is this dude from @NBCBlindspot?! -- (does 'the dude' have a name yet?)
. The problem is that you're showing weakness dude. Weak people are affraid to show the truth.
Guy Fieri. I want this dude's job! DDD, to be precise.
Chillin w dis old dude
dude you look like a praying mantis ? \xa8 ?
wtf dude!
dude you cool and cute , I don't wanna say too much lol
What's the point in crying over a dude that still gonna do b what he been doing
Watch the video dude
Dude really? How fucking sad are you?
Some fucking dude named horace is the reason i have to go to hell five days a week
hey dude, good to connect :)
I need this dude
dude pick up pla
HOYY I'M NOT AGAINST HER KAYA WAS JUST ASKING DUDE
Dude I thought I left my Carmax at home... Nope it was in my pocket but I left my earphones at home
..damn...seriously dude..you need to calm down
This dude straight killed it
HOW COOL IS THIS!! Main page of Spotify dude!!
Dude who wants to be Trump\'s top medical researcher once told a caller to "get AIDS and die
damn dude in a way I kind of like teachers who play the whole therapist role but I know some of them don't care tbh
Dude Fucks Face Of Japanese Chick Megumi Haruka And Examines Her Pussy With Fingers -...
Hi Otter Dude : Kid_Atlas, Do u want to get FREE iPh0ne 6 TODAY? Please check my bi0. Thx
When i get a dude he gone damn near think im perfect
>; A few gracious souls posted the pictures to Reddit w/o all the spoiler material, and the dude has like seven copies of >; @LostLittleElf
Dude at the gas station had one job smh
Amazing dude!
okay
I meant to share a glass of this with Russell (awesome dude), but by the time we opened it, I forgot to find him
THE DUDE WHO'S BRINGING MY IPHONE GOT DELAYED
Smart dude
probably not un-sung in Steeler-Nation... But the NFL needs to start recognizing Cam Heyward. Dude was un-blockable.
just stop sucking at it. Lol jk. Dude I'm 1-4 in espn but I've scored the most points. You know how frustrating that is?
Big up for my friends alias "flying frenchies " :0) Nice one ;0) this crew is awesome crazy dude tcheck out ;0) (...
me neither
2 Latina Teens Maul This Dude's Cock #porn #EDM #freeporn
Dr Warn Her Plastic Surgery Obsession Has Become 2 Much.She is fucking black dude thats why they want 2look
You dude. Your LinkedIn profile pic is sideways. Turn it 90 degrees left to correct it.
That dude who speaks his mind makes u mad sometimes is more realer than the one saying everything you wanna hear.
Basketball Lifetime
dude ...
dude was tweaking for that header to be changed .
Happy birthday to the homie !!! Hope you have a good day my dude!! #Big18
Dude I can't check my phone now because its not charged Did it come through?
hahaha I don't remember either
Props to the dude who jumped in
I\'ll never understand how black people got the "stealing" stereotype when every year we got a holiday for a dude that st
Dental hygiene is important, guys. I could literally smell the breath of the dude standing behind me in the line for security. Grooooossss.
Happy birthday dude x
Dude is so hot can't sleep
"they have Christmas in Australia?" dude w o w
Man ima be atown for halloween and get my fat ass cousin to be the fat dude thats always with him we crashin halloween parties
#NP Devin The Dude - Down 4 Me on
Drunken Brawl Over Pizza Leads to Girl Accidentally Knocked Out | Dude Manual
The story of Batman is sad and all...but why did thomas wayne tell his freaking family to walk in that alley lmao dude w
dude i need to know if im actually going to see jojo next month shes SELLING OUT ALREADY im not even surprised
You're so fucking ridiculous
awh Gio thanks buddy miss you dude
Lol haha dude I gotta put food on the table. Don't be selfish, we both gotta feed the fam hahaha
Hey, @pmharper! It is about you. You're incompetent, you're a racist, and you just generally suck. It's all about you, dude.
holy SHIT, dude
dude I'm literally crying
Dude tomorrow is the 14th already, my big sister coming home from prison
Asian get fuck White dude
DONT MIND THEM DUDE. BE THE BETTER GIRL
If ever wants to date an average dude, please holler at me. You're beautiful.
this girl just told her brother to "damn your place before I put you in it" um dude that\'s your brother wyd he\'s not an animal ???
How do i "un-know" people
This dude straight kills it
Ooops ... Light gone
Grow some balls dude!
watch the Psychos movie if you haven't already, dude is a legend haha
Do You agree
A love for tradition has never weakened a nation, indeed it has strengthened nations. #SalamatMVP
DUDE FUKKEN DM ME THE LINK DUDE
dude, he knocked her out. Only mayweather should be giving him a chance
The bus driver asked me if I was a grandmother today. I mean I'm getting old...but fuck dude
you must really like your phone, dude.
dude I swear
happy birthday dude Have a great day and may all your wishes come true
dude life is rough sometimes but its too short to be worried about things that won't matter in a week
BASKETBALL IS LOVE BASKETBALL IS LIFE BASKETBALL IS FOREVER #SalamatMVP
Barber:"nice beard man, do you do it yourself" Me:"er, I guess yeah, it pretty much grows by itself dude"
Joe Budden? If so its cuz he's irrelevant Damn this dude made 13 albums smh I ain't even noticed
if he's not yours don't be selfish .!. He's not yours nga diba? Don't mess up with the black cards dude if you want to be alive
S: Hey! D: What?! S: Uhh... In Latin, it's Christo. D: Dude, I know, I'm not an idiot. #SPN
Atleast I have my Dude.
dude for real, my daughter wasn't to bad in her 2's.... But damn I see a storm brewing soon, she just tuned 3
dude didn't you say you heard our cries? Or was it just words?
Our dude Jeremy off TVD has crossed over to Chicago Fire
Hygiene dude. I'll just go shirtless. #ALDUBStayWithMe
This dude has been through some hectic shit with this girl, umtsandza sibili. That's a dope record, fuck.
Follow her already dude!
I bet that pious camera cunt is the sort of dude who objects to women wearing headphones on public transport so he can't talk
I have so many so many flaws
Happy birthday my dude!! @KStackzBayBee4
Dude what i saw in the east mehn should be on discovery world
Stay out of trouble dude
thanks dude appreciate it
Dude thought I was homeless DO YOU NOT SEE THIS ROSE GOLD YO?
Dude sometimes i can do a favor but not everytime abuso na yun eh
Canadian woman assaulted in London thanks "awesome dude" who helped her
here we go again dude.. wtf.
I added a video to a playlist Never trust a man in a big blu van | Happy wheels
Some dude chick at the bar almost got slapped up
dude it's high school who cares
Dude just actually said a government house will be a "tourism attraction". Ah, our dear celebrity politicians #TheList
yea dude there are a lot of stuff in terraria you will freak out when you see how much you can do
OMG Congrats on the WOTD Wiz :D put the Trophy dude XD
THE DI AND SOIL ITS STILL BENEATH MY NAILS
thanks dude means allot do you have a channel I'd like to see some of your videos
I cracked up when Prince told Rochelle how the couples have it all sorted out. Dude bro, she is also here with here bf?? #bb9 #biggboss9
Already saw one dude lose his shit, all yelling and threatening, because he missed his flight.
do you have like a collection of Pepe memes I feel like you have so many dude
Dude is schooling them tho.
FllW the dude is crazy lol he snaps back too snpchat:mattyd4095 (Vine by GoNow!!)
there\'s a bird whose neck is like that.. i just don\'t remember it\'s name"
Fayemi is very eloquent and the teacher in him in on show. Dude is schooling the Senators!
Dude I can root for team and not like the coach. Most didn't like Andy and rooted for team
you getting grown out here dude , ass still growning
. you got shit taste in emojis dude
I'm a stand up loyal dude and to the streets I'm a legend. The same hand I reach out to help, I'll beat you to death with
dude. was dropping camera the other day.
he's always been my fav player dude- no way in hell! Loving all the Mets fans' tears over this one.
what the hell dude????? What's going on???
dude quit telling me how to live my life
dude those ppl bother me so much like idk something about making money off of 6sec vids are just -.-
most of my "friends" seem to use me one way or another.. that\'s cool nws dude
Am I the only one that doesn't think you sound like a dude or something??xD
Allen says he's busy, but there's a dude called Phillip who has a screwdriver...
dude add me on snapchat n look at it
hey bro! When mathieu tipped that ball that was intercepted does he get a passdef? Or does the dude who made
THIS DUDE GOT SLUMPED
dude. You need to help your team and make a difference
dude, I uploaded a full show of mine on youtube, please check it out.
YOURE SO FUCKING IRRITATING DUDE
pls stop. Twitter is crying dude
I dunno, last time I had a similar chat with a fMRI dude the general opinion was that it's not physically feasible to get fMRI of
Always good connecting with my dude sbo_smj. Like me an AVID music lover
Dudeget over yourselfsaid he broken recoer.
shut up dude
dude I remember where I heard la vie en rose!!!!! I HEARD IT FROM WALL\xfaE!!!! =)
Dude fuck you.
Recent promises have you climbing the walls today, leaving you... More for Taurus
Tennessee love is my favorite song dude
...sais a dude who is not an artist. I wish this kind of stereotype on creatives would die in a fire.
Yeah, I looked at it that way a bit too. I don't keep up with it enough, maybe there are other reasons too. Dude is old. Haha
I literally am too hyped to even sleep dude . I slept this whole f'ing day
Dude seriously
dude your retired! Go back to sleep
dang dude. -bug- hope your doing alright. Sorry to hear that. :(
dude that's pretty good like now you can never doubt yourself you can be like I'm the REAL chubby boy?
This dude here is might b young but Solid might not b a rich daddy
dude was an all American and they rated him like he was out of d2
fuck yeah dude
Dude youre not 21 yet
its fine dude, the guy is a nob head ;)
dude I'm tired of people reading one tweet and ignoring the follow up
dude....you know I'm pregnant right
Dude, his expectations in Pittsburgh way higher than us. We are 1-4 due to terrible inconsistent QB play
gotta get one with Prime Himself dude
Click here to watch it, it's free: Aletta Ocean's dude is in jail and she pays him a visit
Starting for the Dodgers and Cards: William Zabka and the brown haired dude from "Teen Wolf." Starting for the Mets an
dude we are talking about a guywho omits even mentioning that he is the architect of the whole situation!!!
Just saw a dude sprint to catch an elevator... Wait, what?
dude you could've asked me I have like 3000 at home
Yeah no shit hes a good dude hes our fuckin boy @nick_manning920
And here's the American take: Dude. That sucks.
you my mf dude but you better stop asking dumb ass questions you already know the answer too!! but you cute and kee
dude, you ATLEAST f3+a spam which is still abusing a glitch, and is a bannable offence. Just stop trying dude.
Dude if u don't like my opinion u know how to block me.
yoo thanks dude
This dude real af for this
dude hold on i need my board
You aGOD DUDE
YES DUDE YES
Yo i had forgot about this dude this nigga was turnt last weekend lmao #GoodMorning
dude driving a school bus almost drove me and my mom off the road but then had the audacity to flip us off
AWW SEEING PWINT TODAY IS GONNA BE SO EXCITING I MISS THAT DUDE
You're going on an X operation on an X game, there is only one way to beat such games, dude XD
DcyoungFly the type of dude to go off on a teacher and start roasting them when they ask him to spit out his gum
dude i could like totally like love you until the end of time @WholeLottaLore
Here's to all of my illegitimate children out there that are wishing the wrong dude a happy Fathers Day because I gave their mom a fake name
dude I wanna go fr fr
Easier said than done honey. Abusive men play psychological games, u become naive...it's not that easy to leave
WOW DUDE IT WAS JUST A FUCKING PRANK BRO WTF!!!!!
GL dude
Dude I'm fucking trying. Give me a break.
Dude I got to school so early lmao
dude my grandfather died in the holocaust you ass hole
Dude. Homie. Yeah it's weird. Report through the app? Meanwhile laugh? :)
dude .. that's hella dumb , u seem like the person to catch a fly and let it out sixty times in a row . Like why
Not sure if funny, but nice. Instead of leaving his partner to feel silly, the dude joins her on the floor. It's t
you are allowed to cry dude!!!! this crying shit isn't a dick or no dick deal you have feelings and you don't need to hold them in
holy shut pinky dude have u been there? Damn u gotta take me there if I ever go to Bangkok ITS SO PRETTY
Dude, I've been doing this for 13 years, I think I know what I'm doing. #datagathering
jumps around like a little dude but he's probably forgetting he is a huggee man! Haha! Kid at heart. Luvet!
Dude ?
not even bonding dude
Happy Birthday dude
Dear head cold.....Can you not? I sound enough like a dude already, I don't need your help
Can someone point me to the females that really want a dude thats going to treat them right
Dude Just Like U nvr condemn MuzzRape Gangs >; &lt; must have his own compulsions
dude this game is so legit.
When you run into the dude that owe you money ( )
DUDE: Watch how this Palestinian leader responds to analysis by female Israeli Likud member
Dude,answr my ques~ Y back alr! ?
Who's the alien dude muna hahahdhaas
dude but past papers are ridiculously hard I'm lost
Walt: You want a toe? I can get you a toe, believe me. There are ways Dude. You don't wanna know about it, believe me ht
#NowWatching Do It Like A Dude (Explicit) by via
ily and miss you so much dude
Same dude
Wait ... Tribunal has nullified Buruji Kashamu's Election ... But he is in the NASS right now ... IS THIS NORMAL ?? I no too
just finished #AHSHotel ep1 DUDE HOW AM I GOING TO SLEEP ALONE TONIGHT.....
#NP Devin the Dude - Broccoli and Cheese on
Wtf is this dude looking for
Or when the other dude next to you is enjoying his train ride home by using sexting services on his phone
dude last night was so lit I don't even remember what happened
My dude dee was fucked up
//Want me to start dude?!
dude, you did awesome on your first stream ^~^ sorry i was quiet, was too early for me T~T
happy birthday dude
dude you just described me like every day of my life XD
I could probably fake a dude better now that I don't really rp anymore
this made me laugh so hard dude.
Dude, do you live near Paul Simon?
lo wa7d '3erk glt okay bs dude you're brilliant mashallah w a9ln kl mra tgol 93b w t79l full mark
it's an inside joke dude
should just take a bow, dude knows his onions #ministerialscreening
Aaaww man, that guy that saved The Dog's life in the burning home!! Yeah!! Dude's a Hero! I want to buy him a Beer!!
If you listen to the wordplay, rhyme schemes and delivery, is light-years ahead of the rest. This dude's pen game is crazy AF.
joe always gets so lucky dude
did you have to @ him dude now he gon find out we all talk shit about him
I'm actually really hungry rn dude
But she can never keep a dude. I wonder why.
Liam grabbing Louis' dick same dude , same
"Nice" clients don\'t jerk you around when it comes time to settle the bill, dude.
I'm saying , this better be her dude on this phone ! Cuz beby
Shit, dude. That's pretty much all of year 7 geography for me.
- what's that dude's name - he's a fucking stud!
"You look very tired." Thanks dude. I already know
Chris was a terrible dude. Just terrible!
Nelly been my fuckin dude
Some dude was killed on my street last night?
"I also like to legalize the 4 seasons" DUDE, SRSLY WTF ? R U FUCKING HIGH ?
no he was that Italian dude from Spain that discovered rum in Florida
i like boys that aren't afraid to show how they feel...stop acting like everything is fine all the time dude tell me what you feel
I promise to myself that i would sleep earlier(as i can), this is for my pimples dude
She's not into you dude! #BNO @boysnightout899
DUDE SCREEN IP CRACK
ahhhh dude you're so close my god
Omg!! I am sorry dude.I don't know.
People who get to work an hour early at 7 am and just chill in their car are fuckin nuts dude go home, sleep some
dude, you've got to be kidding
I love you dude
wya???? Dude let's Go today I'm sorry I was all turnt when u called me :(
Yikes! Very ugly shirt, dude.
why are you up dude
Congrats to my dude for the big throw in overtime to win on national TV #CALLY
Me? Wise? Dude, you feeling okay? #CyndyBot
Dude birthday mo pala HAHAHA you didn't tell me kanina. Sorry bro happy birthday to you! More hangouts to come @_elijahgarcia
same dude XD
dude same... Everyone made fun of me for chaco's now look
go nuts dude I'll be working
Happy birthday to my dude hope it's a good one buddy
dude im never getting over that concert okay, and again thank you very much you are an angel! :)
do it dude.
it'll all pay off in the end. Keep working hard, proud of you dude. I miss you, goodnight
Dude some of the people at this school make me wanna switch to Clyde. Lol
I see no difference
I'm not listening to the dude with the bitchy voice and the ratchet 43 year old chick talk. I'm going to tell them to let me do work
That mike dude needs Jesus fellas
nope. i usually get the coffee. also dude was nice to me. in the mornings everybody in a rush.
this dude on the "u cant fight me or you\'ll get expelled so now i\'m hard" type beat
MY DUDE
Lmao no ways dude
yhu don't knw wat yhur partner is doing. She might b enjoying her time wit anoda dude
I be wanting shit then when i get it i gotta throw it up .. What is this pregnant life dude.?
Sitting here trying not to cry in front of the girls because Bindi Irwin is dropping wisdom consoling an old dude over his father dying.
HAPPY BIHDAY TO MY BESTEST FRIEND EVER I LOVE YOU AND YOU'RE JUST THE GREATEST THING IN THIS WORLD DUDE
very much good at the game, but dude, you 100% atleast use cavefinder/f3+a spam which i've only taken action for thus far.
idk dude just push it
any artist that need a music video for a reasonable price Holla at my dude sixvisions email frenchee25@gmail.com #rap #hiphop #rnb #pop
dude I don't know. i'm not a fan. i just download their songs
dude but least youve done it once i havent done shit and i want to honestly cry
dude are you high?
Happy Birthday Mickieee Be T'd up today when I see you lil dude Luv You
Same dude two years left for me
did you get my email dude?
Y'all who make noise for foreheads, remember this dude from True Lies?The guy who introduced foreheads to terrorists?
On the ground in Trafalgar Square
selective gain yeh banda? Dude show sm conscience.U shld hv added Mumbai riots n Gujrt massacre also 2 sound jst
I'm trying to be nice dude really
What drugs did the dude that directed This Is England do? A ST era Hatebreed shirt in 1990 on a South Park looking goth. What a blunder.
I inspire these liers move on me get killed dude only mad cuz he wanna be like the real H A V O C prodigy mobbdeep #HNIC
Giv me mah hak dude give it to me
If we really landed on the moon, then Dude, where's my cartwheel?
Right on brother! We booked profits on long USO via put credit spreads also. Be move lowre from $50, huh?
di ko alam haha heto tweet: dude, im gonna miss you. Under martial law as of the moment. Text me :) lovelots xx
Lol, dude said song lyrics you know wassup stop playing dumb all the time
This tweet I just woke up to annoyed me so much dude
When you go to sleep early but then wake up in the middle of the night like:/
In terms of Beef and Hip Hop culture .. #DustToDust x is a real classick!! Forget the lack of flow talk.. dude was onnit!!
The worst type of dude is the one that u can say"no thanks I have a boyfriend" they be like " where he at?!" Like bitch
Dude! That's my Role Model
Oomf said if im ever otp with another dude I might as well start planning my funeral..
Me and are so much alike i\'m literally always saying "bro" or "dude"
happy glo day uglas lil dude be safe outchea bro
Drink nothing but water and natural juices ladies. Thank me later when dude be drowning.
dude it's cause you are hot
"Meanwhile there\'s another villain on screen, a South African dude who\'s trying to colonize Mars, while building electric cars."
thanks dude, I really appreciate it! Are you returning to Munich for Winter term? Where's your next co-op!
dude imagine running minecraft on that
you'll regret this day dude
*Friend down on the floor, bleeding all over* Me: Dude! what's wrong? Friend: No time to talk. Call me a doctor. Me: Okay.
Wtff dude?
Man I like this dude
I'm sitting in the car waiting to go to school while my dad takes his sweet time like tf dude I'm not trying to be late
you don't owe me anything dude, we both know that. But damn b. Anyway see you at 9:30
"Either that or i\'m slowly loosing trust in dudes considering i\'m a dude which is a bad sign. Makes me sad sometimes that i can\'t."
my mother is blowing me rn dude
I'm very excited to meet Jason Mamoa this weekend. Dude is playing Aquaman in Batman vs. Superman. How cool is that?!?? @dallascomiccon
This is one of the great difference of a Nigeria guy and an America dude using the ATM. Let's first take a look...
dude they're coming to Knox on thursday!
Will Oldham is a weird dude.
This dude never fails to make me laugh
same dude same
#Granny,#Mature,#Milf,#Old,#GrannyGlasses: Fat Dude Fucks Horny Grannie Doggy And Missionary Style
The Dude's Guide to Marriage Giveaway
Dude? in a so called 'democratic' party? he was welcomed with open arms and then shunned aside for not following party policy.
DUDE ALYSSA :" the hottest celebrity romance is "Dude Harlino Alyssa Soe...
This dude PatTheBuddy
Got in a cab to go home, this cabby is driving as erratically as I feel. Holy moly slow down dude. #maystilldie
My dude @DJQbert's beautiful hand writing doesn't get enough credit:
"I\'ve had a rough night and I hate the fucking Eagles man!" -The Dude
hey !! Muslim dude here !! And brown too...I know for a fact that racism may extend towards all races!!
Dude used a racial slur in the context of a significant even in black history. You actually reflected on the idiocy/offensiveness of that?
yo everyone chill out dude, scarce got something wrong goddamn. And I don't see why KSI got involved
Thank you for answering questions dude, it means a lot to see you excited again!
Awh some dude pulled my headphones off of me and said "hey your very pretty"
dude i had the same fucking relevation today
I don't care if she was playing or not, that isn't cool dude. And you being my friend shouldn't sit there and laugh+
Hahaha! #2GG wants to know how a dude copes with a strongly opinionated / loves-to-debate woman, @AndyParas! Advice?
idk dude I just found him on the road one day lol
I was for 9 weeks and I said screw this dude. And went back to public school
LOL dude must have had a blast. Everyone is saying he made an "epic dislay" @the_afande
"This place offers abortions!" THANKS FOR THE HOT TIP, DUDE, HAD NO IDEA! #notcounseling #protectthezone
I tell you..dude wanted everyone to know he was jailed too...
Dude, all I want is a lady friend who does not mind having a long snapchat streak
dude i got the best brother in the world #blessed
meters away in a vest and having this view as he left the stage!!
Before you assume try this crazy thing called asking
That's Denny's I know it for sure , I love that dude
dude I'm always late to the party lets be real here
Dude wtf?!!!
I'm so fucking tired dude .
Jemma and Sophia's first song Hummingbird cheers dude!
Dude is THAT security dude from this weekend look @ the very end close
dude complaining about only pulling one elite badge when he's sat on 8 million lol! What about us poor MUT players?
Yeah this dude is higher than a light bill!!
dude same I honestly need to practice again but school and anime and trying to balance life -___-
Hey dude sup?
I can tell. Hop off for the night, dude. Get some rest and calm those nerves
Dude are you a software update? Because not right now.
dude I'm buying my plane ticket rn. lol
.... For sure dude
dude last episode of kekkai sensen came out. Can you think of doing a cover of the op/end
dude I did notice my 7-11 has a bit of a rib sandwich thing now. You try this?
-->;H A P P Y B I R T H D A Y&lt;-- Love this dude right here Have an AWESOME Day!!
dude is just an embarrassment to us all
yeah sure you'll get more subscribers dude nice channel you've got there
30 year olds at my "homecoming" after party and I heard one old ass dude say "why tf are there little ass kids here
I hate waking up early so fucking much dude fuck
Dude I feel like shiiiiitttt
Arsenal v Bayern Munich compeition: Enter our competition to be in with a chance to escort the referees onto t...
I miss you more dude
..........meanwhile. Working on this inspired Emory Douglas image for that dude ........
Dude, don't follow me... PLEASE DON'T...
dude,why alienate half your audience? Not smart
When girls call me 'bro' or 'dude' I instantly feel disgusted
The Dude With A Soulful Sound: CONY Is Only - #Poetry #Poes\xa1a #Jorgeofitas
Dude im sorry bro just banter love u cya tonight fam x
doctors appointment at 10, I'll let u know dude
There so many seats empty and this super broad dude decided to squash me thank you
I'd 100% be the dude in Jurassic world that's tryin to run and not spill his margaritas
Dude, calm down. It's just the Internet. Silently Stare in rage like I do about 60% of the time
Dude, I'm glad we had a break. I was so over it
Your welcome! I'm just a newbie here so I add many people so anyways thank you
idk which is funnier--Dire Straits writing Money 4 Nothing about or Aerosmith writing Dude Looks Like A Lady about @thevinceneil
lol. Dude
happy birthday dude!
Ye dude
#Dogging,#Granny,#DoggingMoms, #OutdoorSex: Cock Crazed Nymphos Take Turns Sucking One Lucky Dude's Cock
" the hottest celebrity romance is "Dude Harlino Alyssa Soebandono" @transmania"
Dude. Works gunna suck today. I feel like ass.
hahaha kingina dude i have no idea who's you're talking about
nothing is impossible dude
dude Abi u subscribed to da porn page .. Why u dey complain
how bout that essay thats dude today.......
" I miss my real phone."Dude :\'\'\'\'\'(
Just wanna curl up and die.
Who wants to question Fayemi?
dude. real coffee and potato wedges. super fresh.
Lack of education is a bitch. Thus the incompetent rulers.
And how did u arrive at this conclusion?
happy birthday dude !
Click here to watch the video: Busty brunette MILF Ava Addams seduces a dude and takes him
A dude pranks his girlfriend into thinking he blew up their son! Funny or did he go too far?
Fayemi of life
i support BBM but why do people want martial law back? like wtf dude, would you like for us to get arrested because we just tweet stuff?
A guy just sneezed and I said bless u and he didn't thank me wtf dude I take it back u r most definitely not blessed
Concert night with the one and only #ScottFellows The man behind :) And a great dude!! Can't wait!
I mean why would you get a boner from your dude bro pal taking off his shirt if you aren't gay
low blow dude
bukan accusation la dude. They recommended prosecution to the AG. Do you even know how to read?
Macon when's the new tape dropping man? Damn dude you're supposed to be famous by now! What happened? Do you still make any music?
dude kurds used to fight with Arabs. There was a kurdish battalion known as jabhat Al akrad
holy shit thats fucking cool dude
thank you dude (: good luck tomorrow!
Photo: Your move and (If you find this on an Undertale search, Id recommend against...
I go outside the cars not there this dude then drove off now im going to be running behind
sorry dude
awesome dude.
usually hearing stuff bout dude n his shawty dont upset me but that i almost walked to his house and stabbed him.
Dude, stop talking to me! I want to sleep
Dude gonna blow his horn cause I pull out when he goin 2 mph SMH
Lol brother, it encourages most to send DMs...let's be real. Great point tho!
How encouraging ...random question, would u let ur wife be a sample? I doubt..
Godswill Akpabio is a clown. Says Udo-Udoma is like Buhari in terms of integrity and should therefore be asked to bow-
Elmer is funny because it's intentional Salt dude? He is funnier because it's unintentional SO SALT GUYE
#NoBraDay selfie post #TicketToJahannam no dulling
dude, you shouldn't forget there were journalists who were killed by Israeli attacks in Gaza last year!
school so stressful dude
, like that's my dude ; in wtf he do !
Same dude, same
dude :'(
will do dude. Really hope I get to go now.
That ain't my dude that's my nigga
dude thank you for asking because SAME I ALWAYS ASK MYSELF THAT WHEN I SEE HIM
indeed sir. Dude are you and up for a quiz night in Parktown north on Thurs
dude you owe me still
Closing on that 2 million sales 200 million on Spotify YouTube it's hasn't been even 50 days! What a slay dude @ju
. Wynn product placement in Vegas coverage: interesting poke in eye for Adelson, whose casinos are across the street.
thanks for the follow dude! idk if you remember Camarata Sundays with Elmo, but we used to chat there back in 200
it's for my book launch dude.
For the cool dude of the house - coat from 3 - 12 years 01689 860490 to order or online
Gay dude #sucking cock in hospital
The dude recording is me
he glares at the road and then at Dean "dude, what the hell?!"
Yooo this tweet thing is fucking me,am new to this app....dude wasup
Dude, seriously, if you give her all your money I'll be so angry I swears
dude hopefully I'll be back this week
Poor dude feeding that pig.
dude! ew! no!
Dude is ghost since that post
hi where r u
How do people get into relationships so easily?? I have a hella long list that a dude has to pass for me to consider let
Am buzzing off this dude right now "... guess what, I seen the cops roll upShe looked at me, said, "Nate, why you always fuck up?" #maloski
This dude dedication is on some next level shit #isaluteyou #grindmode
Happy "This Dude Came Over And Pointed Out What Was Already Here" Day #ColumbusDay
(expletive) won't let a dude prosper
Dude been saying
Dude he's overrated u hype him up after beating bum ass Saints stop. 4 out of the 5 games he coached bad this
DUDE, why so lame....this issue is ages old....get a life....
senior night thursday @ 4:30. Six of the coolest gals we know
no she isnt dude aphrodite is the goddess of beauty and sex hahaha eros is the god of love
dude same its always like (looks @ recommend time) ok so ill leave it on about 3x as long as that
Loving your stream and thanks for the shoutout keep the good work up dude
I can do it like a brother. I can do it like a dude
dreams are all over the place man
dude i strongly hate liars especially compulsive liars
#creative #Frisco #fathersday #dude Unstoppable #confidence: Certified NLP Trainer Kent Sayre Reveals How To Expl
Happy Birthday Dude
Dude, check out the new Fargo. It's freaking insane!
Their's no mistake in life, only lessons....
Europe dude
PLANFUCKINGCENTA dude u cannot teach give up ur job and go back to college pls
Hahaha so you know that dude that fist bumped me yesterday??? Well some dude just waved me down and handed me some ganja. Co
It was 7pm, I was suppose to take a 15 minute nap.. It's now 2am.. Dude, I know naps never work out for me, I don't even
this dude Steve Spurrier fr retired in the middle of the season
if I have a daughter I'm gonna just give her a boy name... ain't no dude gonna try to fuck a bitch named Bob.
hey happy birthday dude, you're pretty alright
Gave dude my number 2months ago he decides to text 6am talking bout do I wanna see him ummmm nigga I don't know you smh
This dude LOVES the Vols
I MEAN, DUDE, MIRANDA IS SO SOOO PRETTY. AND I OBVIOUSLY WANT TO BE HER HUSBAND.
makes sense to me dude
what happened to this dude ?
good to see you back dude
Dude don't even talk to me lol
sun vulcan fuckin ROCKS dude....
like i still care deeply about you, but then again I'm like dude fuck you for treating me like this
Just saw that today, Happy Birthday, dude!! It was mine 2 days ago too ^.^ #Undertale
Yes dude, YES! #ALDUBStayWithMe
Happy Tre Day!! Beryl Le'France Preston III 13-October-91--14-January-92 We love you, dude. You're an uncle...
hey dude - any suggestions of promoters who put on sludgy doomy math stuff in that London? Hope yr well x
Dude! kubird shame :(
Ohhhhhh, I'm so lucky, dude, it's true, love comes to you, you don't have to search for it!
DUDE SO AM I this weekend
This dude ruins 1st and 3rd block. So annoying.
Ehh... Get out dude!
no, no, no. Don't make this about ME dude. I don't care if you pitch or not. It's not my career! You are the rapper not me
glem... you blocked him man? Dont block him dude.
I miss you, dude wtf
that's europe dude :/
If this dude farts on me while he's sleeping one more time....
Good. Adelson could do for Rubio what he did for Gingrich... end his political career.
dude what the heck????
dude that ain't even a joke
the next dude he from the murder
the dude has been President for nearly 7 years, yet still so paranoid, defensive, and thin skinned.
Dude rip
Not on that tweet there isn't. Give over dude.
Dude, you'd be surprised. A friend of mine streams art, and talks to chat, and chat talks to themselves, its chill
"He walked on water to fuck a dude" @SexyChuckieT
I just read this Nick... I'm so sorry, get well soon dude, you deserve the best. Albacete is your home
Happy birthday ya ugly ass hoe!!! glad to call you a bro and know I can always count on you dude! Have a good one
get well soon dude!
I love him. He's a cool dude. I'm gonna watch the next episode now. #pray4me
It\'s like my lawyer always says "lol dude you\'re so fucked"
they freak me out dude.
"These rhythms of visions of me livin colossal, ahead of my time, In time u\'ll find tht I\'m a fossil" love that dude htt
dude holy crap YOU need to catch up Right now You are missing out on things you cannot even imagine
haha funny dude 10/10 IGN Approved lol
dude im helping u and and the gang with promo
Especially while in subspace? Or flying? BACK OFF, dude.
is and has always been a cool dude
" Gov Fayemi is ur turn!!!" lolz..dude Werin happen?
sorry dude. There is no PJ, only flamey death.
People saying "the 13 year old in me loved Fall Out Boy last night". Dude, the current you likes still listens to FOB. Why
dude i've been ip banned 3 times lmao
#Granny,#Mature,#Milf,#Old,#GrannyGlasses: Cock Crazed Nymphos Take Turns Sucking One Lucky Dude's Cock
@ the girls who think they've found themselves a nice, upstanding, honest, loyal Morehouse dude...
DUDE ONFG WYF LMFAO
waddup dude could plz 4 a nigga bck my hitta
"why not dude"
dude u okay ah :o
That Asian dude was taller than Shack? Wow
Dude, you need to get a girlfriend #ForeverAlone
everything is not what it seems, dude
"Hey dude have you smashed yet" "No dude she won\'t let me" YOU\'RE FRESHMAN
ahhh dude I feel for you :( lol xx will be a great day though I cant wait :D xxx
Thanks. Dude at Best Buy said it didn't help, clearly didn't know what he was talking about (what's new from BB tho)
dude if you've ever fucked me over my mom knows about it i promise lol and she don't like you
woah what . Never. dude I don't even remember how I met you ..
dude this is something we would do
Dude I'm really fucked if she makes me go to school
dude stop playing go to school
Dude I miss @AleahKilgore
Dude im starving. I feel like just getting up to make breakfast for everyone since I want to eat
I'm so tired dude
definitely dude
Dude been a bitch. Still a bitch . All the niggas wit you.... Straight bitch
Hah it's ok dude. I will send you pictures.
yeah, scary dude, wheelman, glenn and z sent me a bunch of swifty exclusives, you're fired
dude i'll go there tomorrow
You knw when you dah malas nak layan, then dia text "Are u ok?" Lol dude,I\'m fine. I\'m just sick and tired of your as
they really took my dude outta here .
Straight Dude Getting Married to Older Gay Millionaire for Money, and Yes, They Have Sex
ONLY A FEW MORE HOURS LEFT BEFORE S6 OF #TWD AND MORE OF THIS DUDE!!!
When that demon jumped on dude with a metal strap on... #AHSHotel
i'll vote the alien dude jk
Its so hard to keep converse clean dude
Me: I just wanna put her cock in my mouth. Dude: What?! Me: OH FUCKING SHIT WHY
DUDE THATS ADRIAN IM DYING
dude. got real coffee. it was super fast. also some dude got a phone charger.
dude the senior hallway is awesome #RE16N
"Stilinski. her shirt is a combination of 5sos and 1D surnames" like da fck! wer da fck did u get dat? nc try dude. ms. know-it-all
awww that\'s so cute "oh hey dude" hehe omg why us that so cute XD
"Oh hey dude
A lucky dude gets both model and anAother babe having
"These rhythms of visions of me livin colossal, ahead of my time, In time u\'ll find tht I\'m a fossil" love that dude
Miss my dude. Wonder if that thing in Star trek that made it so all the aliens and humans htt
dude ice cream, no joke
You know Austyn's awake when the house starts rattling... Dude, it's too early! How do you go from dead asleep to blasting music?!
dude. When unity breaks up with Rick. Oh. My. The. Feels.
I see that Prof. Anthony Anwukah made the 2nd batch of #TheList. Not a bad choice if you ask me. Dude is one helluva disciplinarian.
Like dude seeing how much Morgan looks like Rayven scares me
AndrewWiggins u look like this dude not val kilmer-also in the movie bachelor party with tom hanks
Ike dude this shit ridiculous af
Happy bday dude
dude I miss you guys so much
thnx dude
Everyday I see the same fine dude going down my ig timeline and be like "who is that with his sexy self"
a stranger gave me that song and we got disconnected by the storm. thanks dude.. its a great song.
tekzenmusic: Finishing up the next album #purposewith my dude @justinbieber. Worked on pretty much every song...
the hottest celebrity romance is "Dude Harlino Alyssa Soebandono" @transmania
DUDE IF YOU EVER MET HER SHE WOULD TOTALLY RECOGNIZE YOU AND SJXISIWKSJ
This dude tattooed " Yes is more." on his arm. I\'m pretty sure the quote is " Less is more. " It\'s okay, man. NO RAGRETS.
no problem man and A-men dude stole the words right out of my mouth!
dude miss u 2 :(((
wtf u facing and rtinf tweets dude
#DiaperBag #Diaper Dude-#Diaper Dude #Diaper #Bag -855013001236 - NEW - NO RESERVE!!! Black #Auction #Cheap
This man is staring at me as I squeeze some hand sanitiser start sniffing my hand. Dude u can smell my hand sanitiser but not your BO?!
Bigup to for working hard on his busking game! Seen this dude 3 days straight. #hardworkpaysoff
*she laughs and leans over the bar* you so*hic* weak dude
thanx mike u too dude
sup dude
what the fuck ever dude.
dude what happened to you!
i just want a cute passionate dude that's dirty and funny and not a piece of shit but sadly you all suck
yeah dude, when are you back and I can let my guys know. Thank, appreciate it.
I hate seeing my friends upset over some dumbass dude. Keep ya head up babygirllll
This dude swag has been different since he was in kindergarten....he's been that tall since kindergarten too
Dis dude disturbed af.
hey dude. any of your fans send you hotness pics ?
Like please, he's mad at me and he keeps saying nice things about me. Wtf dude don't play with me like this.
Thank you pa rin dude
dude, what did you think of the CC pb??
dude only reason why I have Twitter some of these stuff crack me up
Dude x
Dude I'm not arguing anything. Just talking from a germ point of view. It's like when western countries try to make...
Dude! I can't believe I missed that!
My dude Darren just escaped from prison
Jake Papa Feat. Trumpet Dude - Starless | #NowPlaying @
My dude! Lmao
Oops! Said the wrong name! Was multitasking, badly. Dude, Jung got me good in View.
Free Ebay Sniping New Diaper Dude Gray Mens Dad Baby Messenger Bag Please Favorite Share
dude that's cruel
The dude lost me on 2A.
15 going to school have a job, making way more than you getting better offers than you. come on dude don't even start with me.
dude thats the category i watch...
appreciate it my dude
fck you dude
ICYMI - Join us Oct. 22 for #Webinar: Managing Episodic #Disabilities in the #Workplace #CDNdiversity
We've got, I mean, the little dude will have a sheep when he's sleeping outside of the Mrs!
whatever dude!!! She's perfecto!! And she's only like 17?! I'm envious of a 17 year old?!! Haha
*grins and flexes* Dude, speak for yourself~ I can see why the ladies love them some bro booty~
Best line: Don't expect a cookie for not being sexist. Don't be that dude: Handy tips for the male academic
dude that was sO RANDOM HAHAHA
If I go to school j have to get picked up dude this is so bad
Thanks dude, really helpful feedback! Im firing up that YT video now
DUDE #@! "^28@
dude we can literally foght
Dude! Seriously!! Have you seen the nala we have in Agra. Where will Delhi get all d water from? Why can't it share!
eve dude
Seeing this dude being lectured by his girl by the road. No home boy it's too early for that
sure dude but if I'm honest don't get mad
Dude, there is a ton of SF hate, especially amongst VCs who are pissed they have to commute now. :)
Drake is the type of dude to only watch "Based on a true story" movies because he\'s tired of being lied to.
I sallowed my pride and Texted you but you never replied ??? LIKE , CMON dude. I like you , why CANT YOU FEEL IT dumbass. !!!
always dude oh well
lmao this dude got scared he thought this old guy was a cop he walked away from Colleen and i and acted like he wasn't doing anything
dude when are you gonna announce the winner of who gets the PS4 and XBOX 1
I do mind, the Dude minds. This will not stand, ya know, this aggression will not stand, man.
dude we be talkin bout ?
wow dude be loose
good game fam
dude, decoctions! Would have made your life so much easier...
#beautyblog DUDE or DUD: #theBalm Stainiac Lip and Cheek Stain #balmstain #lips #makeup #
Hear a dude talking - sounds close. Get up, walk around the house trying to triangulate. Autoload vid though the headphones I just took off
KANNNN like the skinny dude was OKAY but it's just not the same without ray!!
it was a blast dude! thanks for being my escort!
Dude managed to somehow find me on soundcloud and dm me for the instrumental...he didnt even say Hello
Dude I want Kefiboo's life.
its only science and malay dude dont worry as long as you dont fail english, which you wont, its fine
white dude sitting on a computer all day getting offended about people being offended
dude is fire bro, killing it, worth the price
get your flu shot dude lol I just got mine last week
Oh hell nah, this dude said " Can I have 2 large medium pizzas"
Can you follow me back please dude.
Right! Really thoughtful dude.
Just got so mad at the dude like I'm slapping him when I see him .
Happy 17th birthday to my bro love you dude
Such a mature dude
this little dude is wearing me out today. #feeltheburn
brown haired dude from "teen wolf"-Stiles?
i just woke up dude
Thank you for this dude's handle gawwwwwwwwwd!! Mwari ariko imi
dude pls.
yo is there any darkthrone and mayhem posters on ebay bc im forming my christmas list soon and i gotta get on these deals my d
what a legend and talented dude! Proud to have played with you!
drinking coopers pale and you didnt even drop into adelaide! We make that shit dude!! Till you next headline over here. Stay safe
Get a fvcking life dude, you're getting older
This dude got BARS..
This dude on that other shit
you know it dude hahahahaha!Thanks Man!:)
NP:Burna Boy-Soke...Man i cant wait for 's new album.That dude is too good
the national flower of Naziland dude...
Jack Holloway's the realest dude at broughton frick the rest of y'all
He supports my bullshitting he even followed me randomly before I started he's a swell dude would love to get to know him
dude I'm so god damn excited
dude why @toosexystyles
This being sick shit has to stop immediately I can't fuvkin sleep
I'm The Type Of Dude To Be Mad Af At My Girlfriend , But Be In The Mall Still Wanting To Spoil Her
I know but I was making it clear and quoting it for others to see chill dude
Thanks dude xxx
happy birthday dude !!
No prop dude
Listen, I can only protect a dude for so long. Once the sex tape drops, the jig is up!
Dude my stomach is killing me
That dude is Nick Kyrgios fan. His hair.lmao
dude bah
I'll hold you to that
I recall an interview I facilitated btn a GH journo and a Fortune 500 CEO last year.Dude was so impressed he offered the
they were "uncertain" about him last week too. Dude just doesn\'t like practicing. Haha
dude I\'m pretty sure it\'s "portray we possess something important" but that\'s okay
Watch the full video: Holly Halston knows that a really deep blowjob can turn a dude into
i swea dude be followin me.
why dude
Love the shot in the shower cap. Dude had a sense of fun, eh?
Why the fuck am I up dude
dude. I need your job.
Sorry dude. Got shit I need to take care of
Me and this dude I work with are totally opposites. He a white old red neck, I'm a young black rasta. That my nigga tho lol
what's up dude
This random guy really just touched my bun. tf dude
" happy birthday dude.."
Thanks Mali" happy birthday dude.."
Our girls' basketball staff -- plus one big dude -- spent some time in Ann Arbor today watching the U-M practice.
i love (dude you're cool)
ALREADY LOVE IT DUDE
I feel like #komplete10 got one over on me #Random #flashback !! you see what sitting in a barbers can do to a dude
omfg dude that dedication is real i commend u
Calculated Wynn product placement is interesting poke in the eye to Adelson, whose property is across the street.
Thanks train dude for looking right at me but still closing the door and leaving the station. Dick
Dude this kid is Great
the broccoli dude
Happy b day dude!! #Indomax Req The Virgin - Lagu Cinta. Thanks.
dude that sucks! You missed a hell of a game. You have to work tonight also?
Nice dude try to improve a bit more :) I'm illustrator too :)
This dude though.... Smfh...
DUDE WHEN PUA LOST HER VOICE
Still my dude
Happy birthday dude! "October 13th is where it began. Never is where it\'s ending. There\'s no ending the existence of a legend!"
No problem dude
Some couples at GW are all out PDA dude
No wait i think he did it for the princess? So it was an order? F that dude still as dead as ever
Some dude said I look mean because of my vest game - he immediately backed out of hitting on my girl
Slept horrible. Think ill catch a few more zzzz's while lil dude's at school. #NannyLife
Very sad Dallon Weekes is under appreciated on this earth. The dude can play bass AND has the voice of an angel let's be re
dude did you water it down with water or....?
Dude im a pussy and cried after getting my A maths paper back HAHAHAHAH shit im such a loser loool
dude that perfectly describes us what about weird hippies lol
holy shit I saw the dude who hit on me at the beach on the bus yesterday
is so raw dude, I was such a big fan of before the shit even popped off.
once upon a pls hentai dude
Sucha savage dude
My daughters gone be spoiled ass brats. Whatever dude call they self liking them gonna have to love them fr just...
Sorry dude, I don't want to pay overtime. Haha
I think girls would jump at any chance to be nude these days
Dude Doesn't Pull Out, His Girlfriend's Response Is What You Would Expect!
Wembley Arena night 2 video edit london
I feel like I'm dying dude .
thanks dude !! They remind me of Kanye heartless video
I wonder if the wipe command would still succeed if your account isnt on the device anymore. sorry dude I swear you could b4
really up with faith ass , so lucky I love her dude ..
cmon dude. I know it's aggravating. #istandwithplayboy
Don't have a YOUTUBE CHANNEL BUT PLAYING GAMES LIKE THIS DUDE
When the weather man says we may see snow this weekend.... You better be lying, dude.
i just listening some music and a cup of nescafe,how about u dude..?
dude that was a awesome anonymous video. Keep on making videos and say hi for you your mum for me please
Damn dude dunking and he only 5'3
dude, bless you.
Dude that was a joke #people
Bye smelly dude
"meet my lizard jim" hi jim! who\'s a good boy? who is? you are! "dude, its just a lizard. chill" [we leave] JIM: *wags t
Only dudes who let their woman use their car to see ANOTHER dude listen to The Weeknd
Dude...regardless of how it goes now LIFE goes on. We gon be rich forever
hello dude
dude so many 'investigations' none have found shit yet it continues, that's bullshit move along.
ang0l dudE
If you're out here fighting daily over a dude you know messes around , you drop something very important.....that's your wor
Dude honestly thinks Eric Harris was more "classic psychopath" than Jared Loughner or Adam Lanza?
Hebrews 10:24-25
Photo: This had to be done too. Now I feel like I have to apologize to Toby.
Sex Cam: A lucky dude found an escort girl - A lucky dude who found a thirsty escort Anastasia for dollars....
Says a man who has a samona jelly next to him, be spontaneous dude. Improvise real quick
Women aren't going to give up their sexual freedom/liberation cause some crusty dude on twitter called her a hoe. Hate t
It doesnt matter about the rest of them dude.
dude really my cousin we don't even speak
LOL wow dude had 3 PURPLES and i dont even have 1! beat him by 12??? sell your cards bro!
Dude. I feel awful
ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh dude, happy birthday @m_courchene
I am going 10 over dude get off my ass
Darryl Ray Smith III man i cant wait till you get here dude!! I got big plans for us man.
You may enjoy the thrill of imagining whatever is around the n... More for Aquarius
Happy birthday to this bad dude. Gotta respect the legends #rip
King of Pentacles.Big Money Dude,investor.Security.Wealth what you can do w/it. Also:Rapacious robber barons.#Tarot.
I know he won't, but if he did that dude would neva be able to step in Philly again
HAPPY BIHDAY YOU CREEPY CRAZY SMA TALENTED BEST BUD BROTHER A DUDE COULD WISH FOR!
dude i adore you so much..i love your voice and your eyes.i wish someday ma meet kita at mka pa picture syo..mcdaniel forever...
"Dude she\'s only going out with you cause you have the fastest mile time"
Happy birthday to the dude that been there through it all. Have a great day mason @MontyMason12
I'll be posted with my blunt and a brew my dude, I'm that man on the moon.. I'm up, up on the moon.. Ouuuuuu
Happy G day to my dude
Not feeling school today dude.
nah, the dude's married
so lets be friends dude
Yeah, that's a dude sleeping over there. #Airport #CantBeComfy @ Minneapolis Airport, Minnesota USA
what I always wanted was to have that thing in cartoons where some dude gives you a fresh can from the cupboard @randomsalt
I hate hw u can be not talkin to a dude but still be involved with him and he dont understand why u get mad whn he flirting w/ other females
I'm indecisive when it comes to females due to females, if yall weren't so interested and regretful all at once you'd fine a decent dude
Dude fml.
dude chill
Lebron told dude he was gone bust his ass when they start the season
That's why you can't keep a dude...lmao
and I feel you dude... I haven't slept hardly at all this entire weekend
Drew what Tf happened dude ? Who did this man?
Now I gottah cuss this dude out...
Birthday S|O to my dude have a good one fam
Ladies it's okay to ask a dude if they think you're a dummy
Zombies are human too, and slavery is wrong, dude! :)
Dude Tries to Go Down on His Girlfriend, Big Mistake
erm. Your best is pretty fucking good dude.
You could be the most perfect woman ever, dude still gonna be a piece of shit. Sometimes it's just in
Theory: Bart Simpson convinced people outside of surfing culture they could indeed say "dude," with impunity.
Pet peeve #1: people takin my beanie when im wearing it. Like dude, you just messed up my hair
damn ok hahah well giess will see you on tv again dude heheh
Dude it's 7 am why are you sending me dick pics
Dude tripping on my momma
Hmph....Turn up dude
Wow, I got called as "a piece of shit" bcs of you. Thanks dude.
He dude welcome
Young dude at work (18-20 yes old) was rocking a wu-tang shirt. I told him he has to name 3 members or he has to...
Dell: Dude, Youre Getting a $67 Billion Tech Company
I admire the dude who took the Justin Bieber dick pic. Hes either super gay for JB or he just really loves his job.
Woke up feeling like I got hit by a bus, a train, a car and a dude on a bike
Dude on Metro said earlier he didn\'t wanna mention the big company that posted an idea like his. He just said "when you go into Spar"...
The dude has showed up. Thank god Richard decided to work from home today!
I need to go back to bed dude
HEIGHT of COOLNES: Finishing the paper, coming out of the exam hall, having a Cold Drink asking ur friend: "Dude, which paper was it?
He's purposely playing mind games w/ every1. :p This last flip of his even got Melissa Lee to be like WTF dude
w/ #KingBach (Vine by @KingBach)
Dude how good does McDonald's breakfast sound
Its 7:30 in the morning and my roommate having a fucking party in his room. Like ik its homecoming but folks tryna sleep dude
#odtski dude rounds a mean C-rail in @level1's Small World aka movie of the year at
Fuxk these other dude I'll be right by your side till 3005 Hol'up
This dude disrespectful
[GER] || [OM] || 1000+ Follower Hype #Giveaway :
My talking robot app Dude is such a bro tbh
People yell "daddy issues" when a chick is horny but nobody calls "daddy issues" when a dude is an emotionally unavail
Track is deep. Dude should drop thst album already.
"Whos on Top Marty?" "DUDE!! My Tweets are G rated!" "No! #Buildings Marty. Tallest Buildings in NYC
curious to know which product you are trying to buy dude?
guess it will be next year. We are dumping dude that surveys central region. Congrats on being done combining!
Dude socked the teacher in the face
thanks dude @jack18pisani
I've read anout taeyong's negative article. dude please stop it! It's his past lofe people change
That dude singing to B!
Dude I'd save so much money
Dude I remember when I had all of this when I was a kid!!! So cool!!! Now I just hunt for the real thing!
you are pretty dude
This elderly man next to me is hitting on the waitress so hard just told her "You look like a women in charge." Dude
Can't wait to see my dude Friday!
dude why the hell cant we edit the ages of the legend players? even tho the birth/yr didn't show up in 2k15 we could edit bdays...
dude ur an effing mess..
#iWokeUpLikeThis with a furball snoring in my ear... This dude is so loyal Im so thankful for him
Is dude part octopus?
saw your finger all bandaged up. Hope you're OK dude. Awesome shots btw
dude I'm dead
Sorry dude
Dude pulled up on some 30 inch swangas blasting xzibit. I'm not emotionally stable enough for this today.
People will come in fuck up your life and leave without a oops my b dude or I'm sorry i fucked your life up
I could watch homer replays all day
Credits to some random dude on Facebook.
ok dude you take care my friend ....
Finally, I'm done doing the dishes. Mission accomplished dude!
honestly retire dude you had a good run (not really) but your going insane didn't do anything jus
dude he is the GOOOOOOOAT
// L O V E M E - T R A C K O F T H E D A Y // L O V E
can speak to these Senators all day long. Dude has got it upstairs....
Here too " Ooops ... Light gone"
thanks dude tell your mom I said hey
that was back in the days , Acura days , I was a cold dude I'm getting back to my ways
DUDE TBH I NEVER BOTICE LIKE ARIANA IS ALWAYS FLAWLESS BUT PPL KEPT POSTING CLOSE UPS LOL
Thanx So Much Suga
My nemesis today... middle aged men in pimped out dodge chargers. Dude, my kid has one. Sit down. #Fenderbenders
#AllyIsOurPrincess #AllyIsOurQueen Oh come on Dude! Stop being a jerk. First learn how to respect!
dude.i learned a lot of new words I never knew existed
You really look like someone's dad dancing dude
that's crazy dude
WELL DONE DUDE #DOGS
ily thanks dude
This game is so fun and that dude was cool
dude I get the history aspect of it. It's more of the way they stated it like it's shocking she got a correct call
Dat creepy moment when you're in the train and there's a dude sitting opposite you and every time you look up he's looking at
Got someone as her mcm but trying to fw ole dude on the side lmaooo
Dude fuck my wisdom tooth. I'm dizzy from the pain
false interpretation about the way you look at me dude
There's a dude with Akatsuki Shoes a Pokemon hat and a Pikachu phone case and some kids talking about the attack on titan game
CATS. BEING SCRATCHED IN THE FACE BY CATS! DUDE.SCARY SHIT. #ALDUBStayWithMe
This dude has me dead
Fayemi is the mvp
Why is everyone sad at the thought of Spurrier retiring? Dude isn\'t a "harmless, funny old guy". He\'s just an asshole. Alw
Mysonne is real dude yo #Salute that brother
the bf is a megane dude who carries heavy things and buys me milk so i guess all of this is good news for him
And yet...The Dude Abides. #TheBigLebowski
Say what you will about Ted Bundy, but the dude had a van when you needed help moving.
Dude leave my girl tf alone y tf you tried DMing her last night looking thirty and lying to her you know she sent that shit to
If I was a dude though, I wouldn't hit on chics who push up their boobies to the neck.
Handy tips for male academics or males in general:...
He's like the coolest looking dude on your block.
Game on
Whoa, I just totally and most excellently went Bill and Ted, Dude. ... Boy do I need to lay off the late night 80's movies or what?
When a dude gets friendzoned,it means there will be no sex . When a chick gets friendzoned it means the only thing she'll get is sex
dude....that means a lot! Thank u so much! I've come so far since then!
plaese dude can I send track from my frend maradonna
I think I'm going to go the Java route but thanks anyways dude - you got a nice tactic to get followers btw
This old ass dude I work with said "It would be friendly if you came in and said good morning to everyone."
happy birthday lil dude
er, it happens constantly with nintendo games dude. nintendo is japanese and we're in the same sub-contient as japan.
Some guy said I was 'out of his league'. Dude, I have stretch marks and a minivan. I'M not even in my league.
DUDE YOU WILL FUCKING LOVE IT AND THIS HUGE ASS COMIC SHOP. @ThatAussieNerd
A dude kicking a rude beautiful chick outta his car on the high way Cz she farted and was accusing him of it !!
"Dude, it\'s like midnight outside. What the crap is this?" -Lily
LOL holy shit dude is salty.
Like dude never point at random people and claim there my girl sorry but that shits annoying
dude ive always wanted to go to japan this'll be the best thign ever
my dude got me I know that but not this year...
YUTA OH MY GOD WTFFFFFF YOH DUDE WAIT WHAT LOOOOOOOOL
It's Ugly but aye I put hard work in making Nicki dude drawing girls is hard but here you go ht
Young Chop said something about Kanye using newer artists. I think he's talking about artist such as yourself, dog.
.....r u a pedophile or something dude?
shit dude!!!
Smoking isn't the best habit but if I saw this dude in the 70's I would probably start.
i mean in episode 1, a dude got fucked in the ass with a drill. It was hard to watch.
dude, helllllaaaa dope!!!!!
Nyerep. Thanks dude !
I\'m mad this dude Mero just called Fisher "Dominican" tho lmao
literally dude! I'll go to her car next pd
Oh damn dude
Dude blasted off at the speed of light lmfao
Okay Johnny Depp is everywhere in music these days, even Sir Paul says he's a cool dude. Let's jam one out man
Fayemi has lost me. Dude is quite boring
Why do I always accidentally call my teachers "dude"
Dude it\'s so awkward when white people use the phrase "it\'s lit"
dude how willI know he's even there!?
Dude behind me in algebra is talking about how he can shave with a Bowie knife. #liars
Happy birthday to my dude love you man hope its great!
dude my Twitter notifications haven't been working whattss up
1 Smart Dude
i love you zayn hhaha..ya alri dude?
Hahaha ... that dude would never be allowed to go back to the NFL if he did.
dude you totally should!!! Man I haven't cross stitched in years. But I love those!
Shut up nigga lmao Im a good dude who takes pride in that!
Dude our retreat isn't until January??
dude just keep it gnarly
thank you so much dude
Cause I believe any dude can act as if he's the perfect dude once a female can tell (cont)
DUDE SAY HAPPY BIHDAY TO PLEASEEEEEE
watsup dude
GET IT MY DUDE
Who's the coolest dude you've met at a distract swimming carnival before ha? Hahahah omg, we talking back year 7
fuckING KINKY DUDE
Dude = DB, my brofur
I know this might sound weird but i was trying to go back to bed and just thought about jacob, that dude is my happy place man
That dude with the monkey
I feel like the ice age dude who can never get his corn.
ye i might live in a mansion but u shoulda seen this place when i got here it was full of ghosts i needed the help of this d
old pic dude. I need NEW SWIFTY like SUPER FRESH
yo dude this is awesome
Fancied a post wo selfie but the only mirror was being used for some oul dude to talc his boyo. Maybe later then.
@AmazingPhil (\xf8\xf8 here's 3!!! just dont reply to that dannyfire dude (\xf8\xf8 uoousup (
Nice stuff dude!!! Can you please watch mine if you haven't
dude you got issues of you're not happy then get rid of your x1 and move on the community will be better without you
Oryyt fafas both side dude like damn lucky af
Dude for some odd reason I have been calling you eNrique!! do u pronounce it as Eric?
I can't believe that people are making a petition for Will Grier to keep playing , the dude took steroids lol you can't petition that
If you ever feel down.. Play 21 pilots dude
Op-Ed Columnist: The Republicans Incompetence Caucus: The partys capacity to govern has degraded over recent...
dude at the store told me he would because they'd need the help for christmas so fuck off
dude i thought you and gelo are like break na? Hahaha
this reminds me of that dude in MA who was shipping buttloads of snow out west a few yrs ago lol
Este es mi meme dude dont steal
dude dont ask me for love advices bruh i dont even know what is love bruh
I felt horribly sorry for that girl who old Dude gon tell her he flaming on LHH. She was all on the ground. THATS TERRIBLE. Smh
thanks a lot, dude.
Dude, I can't wait to kill you again!
Did the same for this other hommie of mine, (Stones Hatfield) Rumbled the dude so hard that the DJ stopped the music
Happy 16th bday to the wackiest dude Ik who will actually be driving soon! Hope it's everything you wished for xo
Dude said future the king of mixtapes I fucks with future but lost yo fuckin mind..
happy birthday baby. I love you!!!! have the best bday, sweetest dude!!
This dude had me laughing early...
#HT to the dude at who's making bucks on his mates' hangovers we salute you! #students
Dude I Couldn't think of my Password for Shit.
Dude, preach!
i just had a crazy dream where i was blowing this dude for spare change and then i realized i was behind a 7-11 and wasn't asl
Dude the Carlos Pavon is following me on Instagram
Dude had a limp
AFRICAN+DUDE+STUTTERING+RECKLESSLY
I cannot stand a messy dude.
dude this is sick as
just cause everybody likes something doesn't mean it's overhyped, it's genuinely a great album, dude is a talented ass songwriter
Happy birthday dude imysm wish you the best love you
word dude this application shit is easy
Yar, sounds good dude. I needed a bit of downtime last night as will be out tonight and tomorrow. Let's do Thurs! :D
Glad you are back dude
Dude the women killed this piece!!
I\'ll never forget the dude I curved and his rebuttal was "that\'s why you look like Russell Westbrook, bitch!
wtf your crazy dude and lucky
The first person to eat ass had to have been a fat dude. I mean... Who else is THAT grateful? And hungry..
This dude commenting might not have gotten the point
Photo: I try to be a humble dude but some time people just have to test you..
is my dude
i mean sure sometimes im like 'id mack on a hot dude rn' but thats never lasted longer than an hour
Also that scream on the end... dude I'm not sure this is a kids cartoon anymore.
michael's stalker got a photo with him! so jealous of that dude
I'm not blocking anybody. I do care that he tried to kill people, but he is a fucking kid dude. You can't treat a kid that way.
that one lightskin dude w/ the braids and too bad too sad I'm sleepy
Yixing needs a girlfriend asap dude went wild needs to "release the hormones"
dude. Thank you for replying. I never lost hope that you'd finish your gem. Can't wait to stream it and make content :)
Dude, you keep assuming people on this station don't know the rock they used to play here. just cause Darryl sucks.......
New Blog Post: Want your launch to succeed? Create a marketing plan. via @alexiskold
The restaurant manager in First Dates is such a dude!
dUDE IVE BEEN LOOKING FOR A PIC OF BOTH OF THEM AND THEY HAVE SO MUCH
dude went crazy about the monkey
I WISH I WAS THERE DUDE WHAT THE HECK
The Best Sales Advice I Ever Got Was from a Surfer Dude
any artist that need a music video for a reasonable price Holla at my dude sixvisions email frenchee25@gmail.com #rap #hipho
Lol...dude wat are you on about insulting me and shit.
Amazing job, so talented! Keep up the good work, dude.
bro what's work when you have money dude
Yes indeed dude
i was a cold dude, now im gettin back to my ways
The dude in the back got rocked
some ppl should bc everybody sees you as this famous dude, but no you're just a regular guy. (Sorry for the word famous)
yeah dude can be hectic down here
It's impossible to look COOL in the COLD!!! (ft. ) (Vine by @MelvinGregg)
Dude, chill down! I can barely keep up with what you're saying.
Just saw you on news 5am this morning in Walnut Hills talking about the naked dude stabbing people lol.
I will stick up for you dude If anyone tries to tell me you have class I will give them 1000000000 reasons why I know you don't
Dude Doesnt Pull Out, His Girlfriend\'s Response Is What You Would Expect!
1kg of Awwww for you dude.
HAPPY BIHDAY LAURA! Dude i love you!have a beautiful day, you deserve the world!
A huge Happy birthday too my brother big love dude enjoy your day mate miss you loads x x
dude stop it's bad trust me
Hot Dude
how are you today dude? (pardon my surfer vocab)
same dude. Its cold here its 59\xf8 but I bet its colder there.
A Dude Name Michael Myers On My Dorm Hall Bitch Better Stay Away From Me Until This Month Over
Hi dude. how are you? you make me smile and believe in miracles if you follow me,I'll piss boiling water3.393
Dude I'm so lost lol
My dude here blasting rock in the office.
It's 7 fucking am and my dad already finding something to bitch about. My fucking god dude
I just realized Fez is on ! I thought that dude looked familiar. That's cool!
I promised sm1 a selfie at the event today, asked for 5 mins and forgot... Looked but couldn't find... Sorry dude!
OH MY GOSH THANK YOU ILYSM DUDE
Girls in Bothashoek say it straight up to you "Dude I dint fall in love or shit like that. If u wanna date me we...
;) and yes mad max is amazing dude, definitely exceeded my expectations. really weird to have heard negative reviews on it
f you dude
Having the urge to add the dude next to me on fb and scare him, because his name is on display and it's easy to remember
Have fun dude
u great dude
When it\'s your life, you proceed with caution. When it\'s my life "just go do it dude what\'s the worst thing that could
Man dude
Hi dude. how are you? you make me smile and believe in miracles if you follow me,I'll piss boiling water3.392
Higgins dyed my girlfriends sisters hair last night lol this dude had her whole family crackin up. first impressions huh.
ugh!!!!! Woooooorrrrrrkkkkk in soooooo tired dude
hey dude I love you
Dude last night fr
But dude the way you think, is too negative, i mean, they won't be like that
Is there a dating profile so repulsive that no dude is thirsty enough to send creepy messages?
Oh yeah! Same dude I was up every hour coughing and blowing my nose
Im Telling Ya is pretty cool dude
this dude in front of me on the bus smells like nothing but bug spray
Hi dude. how are you? you make me smile and believe in miracles if you follow me,I'll piss boiling water3.391
alright dude cuz me and dalton going forsure
dude, just because that happened when Brooks was editing the NOTW doesn't mean she knew anything about it. Quite the reverse
dude come on. Stop it man.
dude I was up till 3
see ya, dude
Hi dude. how are you? you make me smile and believe in miracles if you follow me,I'll piss boiling water3.390
Looks great dude!
YOO IM JEALOUS HAVE FUN DUDE
Love when people tweet about their relationship problems like daaaaaamn ouch I feel for you my dude bahahaha
my lecturer is actually one of the nicest guys ive ever met. what a dude.
yeah dude burning the candle at each end...works sometimes but just not the way. Let's eat raw meat again soon buddy
I miss u...DUDE #
Dude at Gold's totally amped me up with hogging all the available bench space
happy birthday brian now ur even older!!! have a good day dude moves?
Hi dude. how are you? you make me smile and believe in miracles if you follow me,I'll piss boiling water3.389
we are one dude !
You know what I noticed..... Females are thirstier than the guys. Don't think so? Look on a dude IG pic.
Dude, Sam's car caught on fire this morning
omfg screaming at dude named dane in a bintang singlet
MET A HORNY DUDE FROM MY WORK HEHEHEHE
dude me 2
I, you, he, son, boyfriend? What? What even am I fucking reading?!? Like dude yah mind is fucked up
this dude wrote one about having sex with a spaghetti monster and his spaghetti penis last semester #sexy
Hi dude. how are you? you make me smile and believe in miracles if you follow me,I'll piss boiling water3.388
dude :/ love that you're trying to meet as many fans as possible in the UK but this is majorly insensitive to fans in Aus
if your girl accepts a ride from another dude she a hoe. if she'll ride in another guy's car she'll ride his dick too.
dude thats really cool! you're and awesome dude!!!!
Hi dude. how are you? you make me smile and believe in miracles if you follow me,I'll piss boiling water3.387
dude omg look what arrived
I heard that some people compared u's and aqours because their first single is similar dude the composer is same
I really hope dude tries to fight me. It's been a min since I've been in a fight
Hi dude. how are you? you make me smile and believe in miracles if you follow me,I'll piss boiling water3.386
actually dude, take alex I don't like guys who sleep with other guys that also sometimes sleep with other guys.
little dude ran up like "mommyyy
Hi dude. how are you? you make me smile and believe in miracles if you follow me,I'll piss boiling water3.385
YOU AHAHAHA jk uhhh the boyfriend as in the researcher dude whats his name again
Nowadays you can't talk or walk with a dude bc they automatically think y'all have something going on...
dude i didn't see that pic nor did i see yo reply #2busyWithRwagasore Cc @arsupilami
I don't feel like going to school dude
HEIGHT of COOLNES: Finishing the paper, coming out of the exam hall, having a Cold Drink asking ur friend: "Dude, whic
Hi dude. how are you? you make me smile and believe in miracles if you follow me,I'll piss boiling water3.384
Thanks my dude!
Walked all the way to class to find out that it is canceled... Thanks dude
U rememba when kendrik bodied big sean and hz adlib was rest rest rest he murdn dude teln hmself chill #Savage
Studge didn't play a single game in qualifications dude, read things well ...
you really couldn't say it to my face lmao thanks lil dude
is the type of dude that hates Luke Bryan and yet runs the fan club while driving his #basicbitch Ford while he fucks your dad
Your boy gained 43 pounds in a year. Dude went straight Barry Bonds his freshman year. Come on man.
dude don't post it. They'll fix it now...
"I would fuck over that girl if I was a dude just because she a hoe"
DUDE FUCKIMG WATCH IN ORDER
Hi dude. how are you? you make me smile and believe in miracles if you follow me,I'll piss boiling water3.383
Thank you dude! Xxx
Hi dude. how are you? you make me smile and believe in miracles if you follow me,I'll piss boiling water3.382
hope you get some sleep dude :)
Okay now I'm kinda mad at this dude who made my friend feel that way wtf
Video: YUP! Dude thought I was kidding last night. It was a giant spider sighting in the basement. I am...
No dude, I unfollowed you ages back.. @ZarrarKhuhro
dude how the hell are ya
Everyone go vote for the dude
fuck... I never even looked at the name.. AND DUDE THAT GUY. Poor dude...
Happy Bday dude!!! U r so cute :)
Hi dude. how are you? you make me smile and believe in miracles if you follow me,I'll piss boiling water3.381
#Granny,#Mature,#Milf,#Old,#GrannyGlasses: Horny Grannie Rides Young Dude Reverse And Face To Face
PornPros Teens double up on a dude s dick: #Amateur #Big tits #Teen #porn
Like dude is being forceful
why are you calling me dude
Next dude that complains about the friendzone will be step-son zoned. I will literally marry your dad and step-son zone you.
Hi dude. how are you? you make me smile and believe in miracles if you follow me,I'll piss boiling water3.380
Mom said you wore those leggings Saturday, dude I do laundry.
Fucking piece of shit, pussy ass dude
Just made eye contact with some dude while eating a banana, and now I hate everything.
There was a breakdown of this shot at #AD6, you should of been there dude!
#HT to the dude at who's making bucks on his mates' hangovers we salute
this ME ME ME about this dude bores the FUCK out of me, who was AKA competing with on his First album? STUPID FUCK!....
im not a dude...
Hi dude. how are you? you make me smile and believe in miracles if you follow me,I'll piss boiling water3.379
dude wth....
oh PLEASE not interested in him that's you dude! you kuh-laymd him Jk jk love you TEWWW
great gig in london last weekend dude
Only God knows what Gov Ayo Fayose must be thinking watching this dude....form is temporary,class is permanent.
Hi dude. how are you? you make me smile and believe in miracles if you follow me,I'll piss boiling water3.378
Happy birthday to my brother hope ur day is a great one. Love you dude. Been through tons together. Always got ur back
Sorry Im Not The AverageDude Who Spits Game ToEvery Female Just To Fuck. ButThe Dude Who At Most Times ReallyLooks Forw
My mom irritates the shit outta me dude
I miss the old Kaka :(, dude was incredible
dude he's so nice
dude why ?
it is true.
My dude McQueen is comedy (Part 1 of 2)
Hi dude. how are you? you make me smile and believe in miracles if you follow me,I'll piss boiling water3.377
this dude is full of it! Her granddaughter is in for a wake up call, whether it's sooner or later #WarOfTheRoses
took me four times dude and now I'm the best driver in all of Louth, dw
I know dude its bs, and they work with everyones schedule so I don't see how they won't be able to work with mines.
This was the dude that did surgery to be 6 inches taller for $85k
Totally not hitting on you. Unless you want me to.... Every dude's dm to every girl on Twitter..... Prolly
dude loving the new iOS hindi transliteration on
Hi dude. how are you? you make me smile and believe in miracles if you follow me,I'll piss boiling water3.376
I'm so disappointed dude, the man helped build us as a program. Without Spurrier our school wouldn't be anythi
omfg this weird ass old dude just tried to give me his number at texaco
Hi dude. how are you? you make me smile and believe in miracles if you follow me,I'll piss boiling water3.375
you're a trooper dude Jesus Christ
dude the frog
dude what the fuck my mentions
Dude alam mo ba one of the candidate's platforms was to make the Philippines have 4 seasons. Hahahaha! Craaazy
Hi dude. how are you? you make me smile and believe in miracles if you follow me,I'll piss boiling water3.374
Dude this frkn take home exam is frkn dum
Lmaoo dude....it is way 2 early for this
Hi dude. how are you? you make me smile and believe in miracles if you follow me,I'll piss boiling water3.373
I can see you looking over my shoulder dude... This tweet is dedicated to you, yes I know your smiling...
Hbd have a good day dude!!
This dudes name tho
omfg lmaooo thx dude
dude is as good as it gets, but fuck I hate him!!
DUDE I'M GEEKED. Rolled it loose as fuck like wtf you're trying to hit on me, roll it right.
Hi dude. how are you? you make me smile and believe in miracles if you follow me,I'll piss boiling water3.372
#Skolom she enter
block ignore dude. and if they're annoying, just tell us, we'll help out :)
"of course This Chung dude said calling FIFA a mafia organisation is an insult to the Mafia. Eish"
Hi dude. how are you? you make me smile and believe in miracles if you follow me,I'll piss boiling water3.371
Hey, @pmharper! It is about you. You're incompetent, you're a racist, and you just generally suck. It's all about you, d
dude i'm gonna be so late cause the bus hasn't come at the correct time ugh this sucks why does the bus come so late omg
It's a play on his last name but the important part here is THAT THIS IS THE DUDE AT MY HAIR SALON
Happy Birthday to my dude hands down the funniest dude I know live it up fam
COOL DUDE
Dude Alyssa doong... Very romantic couple @ichalyssa25
dude just be mine!
#fablelove,#Sex,#Porn: Young Handsome Dude Loves To Fuck Ugly Chubby Hoochies
what u mean by sprung ? Lik one dude has your full attention
thank you dude. Kainis! HAHAHA
Dude got to put the wifi on this phone for me
Let's go support my dude this saturday. She's doing well for herself.
eh I'm more of s Gucci Mane type of dude
"welcome back" dude =_= LMAO three claps of congratulations
I bet it's a dude who has mommie issues.
Happy birthday dude. Have an awesome day!
TF YOU SAYING DUDE.
he can relate anything to anything. Dude relates the civil war to softball somehow. Insanely good teacher imo
woahhhh dude!!! Hahaha that aimt gonna happen!!!
#cougar,#milfanal,#HairyPussy,#BBW,#sexual,#Naked: Sexy Latina Giving A Lucky Dude One Amazing Handjob
Keemstar and scarce debate in 4 lines Keem: you're fake Scarce: dude you're fake Keem: you're fake Scarce: oh my God
hey dude, i hope you're having a good day. i love you a lot.
Why the fuck do I need to be up so early dude fuck
I was watching stupid disney videos on youtube and one had a dude with his dick out pissing in a fountain I got to see a dick on youtube
And do you know/have heard of the astronauts? (Dude, you're round the corner from me.)
I saw the dude get arrested but i never would of thought that .
this dude really want Eifert that he willing to give me Antonio Brown what u think?
Happy Birthday dude! May your timeline be filled with tweets from people you never talk to
#DesiAunty,#Slutty,#Indianporn,#Sex,#Blonde,#Breastmilk,#Lactate,#DesiTeens: Big Black Dude Enjoys Watching...
The waterfall display just turned on and dude thought it started raining
Thanks dude! Means a lot! Check your dm
kawaii as FUCK dude
DUDE please Read the whole article if that's the case omg
afraid not dude, had to pull out due - gutted. Will be back soon tho!
Why am I awake when I don't have to be up yet! Dude come on!
probably not un-sung in Steeler-Nation... But the NFL needs to start recognizing Cam Heyward. Dude w
happy birthday la Ionesty !!! love you dude
I'm done with today already.
ugh if you\'re my ex or if we "talked" don\'t try and get with my friends:/ cmon dude
dude we need to practice
dude my sister doesn't jam before school
Thankyou Glasgow for coming to say hi. Sorry we couldn't meet everyone but hoped you liked a little acoustic of Hey Everybod
dude nice job your art is amazing
Here's the article in question Seriously dude, chill the fuck out.
Awesome vid dude...thanks!! Need that Shaxx geezer to hurry up and deliver my f*****g bolt caster now...congrats on 50k subs
I never thought you had any class dude so stay in bed
LOL dude started fighting the dog too
willing to bet #NoBraDay was a dude's idea
Ready to see my dude coach up the UT Martin Skyhawks in Fayetteville in a few weeks! It's been too long!
hey i like your broadcastin on younow im a british dude wanna skype me? :)
dude wtf bts lang But srsly tho i really think that style of liner suits you ;w;
I bet bro! Love you too dude!
This dude practicing his handles at school
Dude...This Is Said Every Year
dude I look gross
She getting on my nerves already dude.....
Dude eating noodles on the northern line in the middle of the day: You, sir, are an anti-social arsehole.
Dude, why were you the only one getting burnt last night? Brutal coverage.
Dude I was so finished after typing that
This dude has camo suspenders on an Lucas goes I can't see them I hate/LOVE when people do that
dude wtf PLS STOP COMMENTING THESE STUFF ON TAEYEONS IG NO MATTER HOW MUCH YOU THINK ITS A MOMENT
dude ? Impossible not to be extremely sceptical of private space industry.
back off dude.....
Sexy dude
who cares dude.. poori assembly mei se ek seat gayee hai
Dude Ai Ai for the first time in my life I don't believe Sushie. However I believe
dude knows his onions. what to say to the masses Fayemi has made sense sha. Intelligent (cont)
*Calls you dude and babe in the same sentence*
Foto: hirxeth: Are you still hung up on April, dude? Get over it. Be strong. Be strong. Palo Alto (2013)...
Happy birthday mah dude @MikeHusni05
Fine Ass Thick Ass BBW #fucks dude
What's this dude on the right doing
I love you Trump!!! My wife says I have a dude crush...I guess I do!!!
. SOMEONE ISNT EVEN SITTING AT ONE AND HAVE JUST PUT BRB ON THE SCREEN DUDE
Dude, you sound like zh1nt0 now... Please don't
happy birthday dude. I love you and the age you turned
Fatty liver issues? Dude take care of yourself please.
Have to be when I'm back from tour dude. When's the tour start?
not true
..wow dude
lol dude really? but ain over him
Mcm, my dude ionesty
This nerdy white dude in scrubs speeding around park slope in his Volvo almost hit me at a red light #yourenotcool
[tekzenmusic via IG] Finishing up the next album #purpose with my dude @justinbieber. Worked on pretty much every... h
dude!!!! hell yeah!!!! just let me know what kind of stuff you'd like and i Am Down
Me: Ugh I cant sleep Dude: I hear orgasms are great for sleeping
dude gotta white gfbut they raw
He is a cold and nasty dude. Penguin and Joker also well cast I thought. Season 1 improved during second half.
LMFAOAO THAT DUDE'S IN LINE WEARING HIS STADIUM JACKET
This dude really tryna fuck a mexican
Dude house, Gangsta House
Does CMike make enough to afford a Bentley? Watch it dude. via @sbnation
good luck dude, you can do it.
Dude why is this girl always in my business? I don't want u in my life
Awww thanks vlive u so much dude
It's always bothered me when girls throw themselves at any dude who shows them any attention. Without self respect your just a slam piece
I gone kill this fat dude ayo remember this tweet
Really late response but FAM. It was not a game. Dude was really living like that. Guy on floor included.
saw a dude's bag that had spooky wet dreams badge. I want one!!
I say Dude too much
dude.... what.... everyone just start handing over their Oscars...
Panic as rockets hit Russian embassy in Damascus via @timesofindia
dude you're my best friend why would i not take you to OUR FAVOURITE BANDS CONCE ?3 482!
They will let a dude with no goals, no money, no job, smash, and then complain that they can't find a good guy
Happy birthday dude @trey_milla23
Squints. Soft pets this time. "Dude, we\'re cool.
Dude at work said he slept like a baby last night he woke up every two hours wanting a titty in his mouth
Looks like a nice day dude.
Dude, she's in school now. Seriously. Not worth it @sauljass
I hate a days dude
Dude I promise when I see him we gotta fight
there's this dude who always takes the same train as me, and I saw him today and noticed he got a haircut. I don't know who he is
nooooo don't! You can't get worse than me! Stick at it dude, the rewards will come! :)
DUDE. ellie goulding - all i want KERRINOR!!!
boah diese kids
When your house mate makes you look like The Dude.... #thanksbeth
When you and a dude stop f.cking with each other he go back to that same dumb b.tch he used to f.ck with and then she think
I feel your pain, dude. I had Charles, too...and Alf. The goal now is to learn...and to be somebody's spoiler.
this dude in like every other one
Dude just told me I look like a Cowboys fan... How disrespectful ..
Hays wake up dude
This dude never allowed Mahama say a sentence. Typical western media
add me on xbox dude
Lmaooo,dude said he doesn't want to be an APC Senator
All I Know Is Dude Got Killed With A Book
Ionesty super lame dude.
DUDE I STILL HAVE OUR "CARDS" (DIY CARDS HAHA)
Life.. Dude
You really need to learn about the fact that he's a dude and he will keep doing things to piss you off, but it shouldn't bring +
Dude, we all lost the sense of humanity.
Umm I think I did good in telephonic interview round. Come on dude hire me already!!! I am willing to work on Sunday.
Dude, We can do it :) #bestfriend #eskisehir #turkiye #instagood #instadaily #like4like
fuck a nightmare dude I'm done
Dude Made A Kid Call His Mother After Catching Him Stealing His Car! | New Video #WSHH via @worldstar
It's a pleasant surprise to see people say gamedev is this neck-tattoo InFamous main character lookin-ass dude?
Y so dry dude
thanks dude @liam_callahan24
i actl have no idea what you mean o.o do u mean the dude dropping dead among oranges
thank you dude!
yes dude
You could be the most perfect woman ever, dude still gonna be a piece of shit. Sometimes it's just in their blood.
DUDE I WAS LIKE "As long as you\'re sad, I\'m happy (:"
hey dude ily, imy. @adamlevine
omfg dude i hope not
" the hottest celebrity romance is "Dude Harlino Alyssa Soebandono" @mahewardh
wow you're so fricking annoying dude
great bio dude.. #same
I'm so tired of all the bs. I get lied to 24/7.. non stop dude. im about to say fuck it, and give up..
This is one lucky dude
NEWZ-SPOOF: "Unfortunately no minister was available for interview, so instead we have a free-market fanatic from the Tax-
I don't ever do anything bad when I'm committed, but damn.. To be cool with a dude he letting your girl know what's going on? Nah.
Really worrying... via @timesofindia
lets catch up dude
#photoshoot #partys #dude #beachparty 16 #week #athletic #domination #program: Improve Vertical Jump. Run A Faste
Cena acknowledging the dude in the crowd that proposed. Amazing. #Raw
Sakka is gonna fuck you dude
Dude, I'm so smitten right now, he made my day. I hope he has a good day, I can only hope I get to see him again but what's meant to be...
2. people who comment on u tweeting shit like they're any better or as that dude who ships my boyfriend and his best friend lmao would call
Laid Back CF1319 Vintage Dude Classic Rocker Tankard 14-Ounce
That's is dude..I'm soon close to flooding your mouth #bb33 #BBBH #SuckItDry #FaceFuck
That was woaaah below the belt dude
Zunera Ishaq, who challenged ban on #Niqab, takes #Citizenship oath wearing it #CDNdiversity #CDNimm
Saw my 1st man-bun today. Dude was walking his dog this morning. I didn't know it was an actual thing. When did man-buns become a thing?
"TechnicaIIy, the femaIe version of dude is actuaIIy dudine, not dudette"
She's sooooooq fucking stupid dude (Vine by Lucas' Drafts)
Dude I like getting stoned like no lie it feels really freaking good and makes everything funnier and food taste better
bro yes I don't play that mcm shit I been thottin lately Dude tryin to get me caught up
#Granny,#Mature,#Milf,#Old,#GrannyGlasses: Mature Harlot Enjoys Sucking Big Cock Of One Young Dude Living Nextdoor
Yoh, but Proverb gents! Dude has beeeen sick with the pen hey. That guy is a writer man
Some armed robbing happened this morning and the dude is still out there ... "Stay clear of area" more like imma sit still in class
hope you heal soon, Dude. You "carry" the and they are done without you. Minor setback for you, major setback for them.
Also had to curse some dude out on Ezpass customer service.
first the anti-semitic card,now the holocaust card comes out. Hasbara is finished dude. Israel is a terror state. Secrets out
Yo who is he I just want to shake dude hand lol
Happy birthday ghena enjoy it and sorry for being late Thankss nvmm dude
Dude hold!
dude u so deep
Use to be scared to even go outside cus I had a nightmare where this dude was mowing our lawn at midnight. Weird ikr
Hey dude just admit it that u saw my tweets okay anyway ily Michael
I've just decided...dude looks like a lady. Dutch.
A petite japanese girl started licking dude and sucking his cock - 7 min
Obama is. my dude.
Lolz. Idk dude. Guess we'll see after payday right?
love you dude !!!
Teen Mariah is giving a blowjob to an old dude - Redhead Mariah
This dude at work drives a motorcycle parks it in a whole parking spot. I be wanting to tip it over everyday!
This dude really said life man, just life
I was expecting this from you Thanks dude
M S contractors in Ipswich dude x
Dude these girls from the foreign exchange student program are bad af
you know anyone dude?
#nowplaying 2 Hearts - Digitalism - [I Love You, Dude No.02]
that dude is having a laugh
i like to impls hentai dude
I'm hot already.. I'm really sweating dude. this fucking bus hot as
" Why does Brady sound like Boomer Esiason? Dude sounds crazy old. #eatyourveggies"
dude i had closed my if you want to be connect with me you will find me here
I'm Watching A Movie Dude Got Killed With A Book USA Russia Calm That Down Playboy
- ; Love your account dude . Frick .
i warned you dude....
Dude! No one should have to PROVIDE AN ANSWER to that. You're OBLIVIOUS TO YOUR SURROUNDINGS.
''PAY ON!!!'' If you like to party, then this dude is for you! Designed by the supremely talented
morning dude
that will be filled and look amazing DUDE YOU DREW THIS FROM A DODGY SKETCH
Glad you enjoyed dude!
fuck u dude
Dude why don't I sleep
caption please
gud eve
Dude FIlms Couple Fucking Outdoors #couple #dude
dude! I wanted to yank her braids
missing out dude
flooding me of msgs? i ain't gonna reply u dude
Dude, first off congrats! The ring is awesome. I work in diamonds so when I see a nice one I'll point it out! Also, dope hair pic!
i. do. not. care. about. that. dude. :)
still keep coming to work. Dude you got real heart
dude who cares why, what if you go
quess who I am! 1) older than you by at most 24hours 2)I'm a dude 3)600+40+200=? BRYAN KU ISSIT
dude.... is so sweet!I want to meet the lads one day!No...I need to! Luv u lots
lol dude it's ok
dude I miss you Tyler. We need a solid rip.
This dude who calls me "ate" twice in a sentence
Dude leo got me to like banda
Fayemi should be education Minister in an alternate Universe. See numbers dude is throwing about.
Sheesh! Damn Bruhh.. this dude killed this Hotline Bling Cover....
This Chung dude said calling FIFA a mafia organisation is an insult to the Mafia. Eish
as for the fair battle, these dude both graduate in the I acknowldge the facts but wtf- BEENZINO! Lim Sungbin i
make everybody feel like they are worth something dude (because they are)
you the only dude that said that Waa
This dude does not stop talking
dude can you post a pic of your house view at night?!
WTF am I reading? DO you even play games, dude? video games have a diverse cast characters already. They dont need you or anita
Forever wanting to tell thirsty bitches to stay away from my dude.
Happy Birthday Andrew.. Thank you for being here on Twitter dude. I wish you absolute happiness and peace of mind
dude I've seriously been singing this all weekend
If I decided to b a vegetarian(which I won't)and I had to eat disgusting aubergine,that would be enough to put me back on
Fuel scarcity in ile-ife. Fuel stations refusin to re-stock in anticipation of pump price reduction, few sellin at high price @Gidi_Traffic
get over yourself and just live a healthy life dude. You're not special, you could die at any moment!
The only reason for a loser ass dude to say a girl is a hoe like that is that she swerved his ass and he couldn't handle it.
congrats dude
poor dude.
Game On Dude at Old Friends; very sweet horse! I met him last November during a farm tour.
2014: MAMA without 2NE1 2015: MAMA without BIGBANG? Mama you need jesus, no joke dude.
dude u gotta finish this
- Dude.....WHAT THE HAIR!! Grow it back. #thevoice #adamsbald #adamlevine #maroon5
YAAAAS. Dude I am anxiously waiting for this scene! I want bruises man, uhhhh arya deserves them all.
"dude twitters just a takeover of the exes." - @brkeller98
what up dude
prolly not cellyin hahd... Good looks my dude
So true dude.
so i matched with the aids drug dude on tinder...
you definitely made my day dude hehe
nah nah I lost my voice dude
how are you today dude? (pardon my surfer vocabulary)
Dude Doesnt Pull Out, His Girlfriend's Response Is What You Would Expect!..
oh dude give up the scorched brew for a iced...
oh my gosh these are all so old thanks so much dude, miss u so so so much
That's our secret dude!
WaYyyyy to much sugar dude.. I need to go to dunkins to get my french vanilla ice coffee extra creme and 25 sugars
Sorry dude, nothing we can do about that! It is just you and your shovel now.
yeah dude i aint slackin. Ive read it twice as well
The dude in the background: WTF is going on?!
Ethel was angled across some dude's knee. I offered to clothe her, to feed her, to bath her if she'd just give me a little
you sometimes gotta WONDER if #celebrity tweets are actually REAL (or not just some (SLEAZEBALL) #marketing dude)
Dude I'm really starting to hate my car
dude... That qoute is from a manga called Fairy Tail
Dude every girl is crazy just pick one that makes you happy -coworker
We just want the d Ladies in your own opinion..if you tell a dude you "like him too much"..what do you m
Why does it feel like a fucking Monday dude
This commuter dude straight chainsmoking bogeys at 7am everyday like barf
dude... literally better than the ones i got last week. I have PERFECTED the recipe. take that tom primal
Awesome stuff dude. All the best. Best Wishes.
HAPPYHAPPY BIHDAY PAIGE i am so blessed to have a sweet friend like you in my life have an fantastic 17th dude
I got cooking vids check em out dude
Watching Dude, where's my car? so funny #shibby
Great dude!!!!!
dude your bleed cover is majestic...its one of the best Thanks!
I wasn't even aware there was any dispute around his legacy. Dude won the civil war and ended slavery. I'll pay that.
A typical day in Reddit: Thread Poster: Does Syria have any Walmarts? Dude replying: No, only Targets.
My nigga you smashed a chipo with no mundai but you can't drink tap water cause you're afraid of catching typhoid?
That was my dude !!
The dude on the 97.5 woke me up man.
FIGHT OR DIE DUDE FIGHT OR DIE
//dude same....my throat suddenly started hurting like a bitch all night....
This dude thinks he's the best think since sliced bread... I'm starting to think that he MIGHT be crazy... #madmaximilien
This dude gets crazier by the minute. It's good to show voters how insane he truly is. But bad for us those who believe him
Dude, so you totally missed Tom Hiddleston and Eddie Redmayne tweeting each other abt how much they want to meet you? Too bad.:)
outside: whoa- inside: DUDE, CHANYEOL. YOU LUCKY B %^($%. DAAYUM,
Oh wow thanks dude : )
*sets neighbors house on fire* chill dude it's just a social experiment, the camera's right there
This dude is too much!! I need lessons
why does every dude have to look like this kid man trying to have a good day :(
You wanna see my private pics but......I can't even see your face dude...
i mean it's murderdeathkill all over the place and dude's off in a corner petting the ears of a curlyheaded lamb. also smiLING o_O #hannibal
I'm probably the nicest dude you follow
if your dude come close to me, he gon want to ride off in a ghost with me
Dude This Joint I Released Is Fire. Wait for The Break At 2:40
(forgive) I love you too dude
I hate i didn\'t get more of his performance but this dude Lil_G from "Silk" was fooling all night,
dude i honestly feel like poop
Dude is too good at this:
I HAVE THE T-SHIS, FIGURES, THE DUDE'S BEDROBE. I FUCKING LOVE THAT FUCKING MOVIE.
Its not whining when it's facts my dude. 2 win in last 8 game as a HC. That's not good
prayers dude i go to sleep everyday at 1 almost tbh and wake up at 5 30 and my body always be hurting
dude swear too god he don't fuck with nobody , lol!! -ionesty
hoy dude happy birthday
Dude gets lit up and first thing he does is get into it with Mets fans on twitter. Smh.
This morning feels great.
black dude with reflective shorts... let's have a 3sum
They greet me every morning that little dude came in the store with his sister just to give me the fist bump#cute
Buffalo to LI is like 7 hours dude. WTF
" I hear somebody I know at 4:21 @soberaylaan" Oh yeah, that dude with the weak ass rhymes!
Overheard: Me: Did you just throw a boogie on the ground? 6-year-old: ...yeah Me: Get a tissue, dude....
first of all I am not a woman. I am a dude.
whoever created that song dude you're legend #jellyfishjammovement
dude roasted a gecko
dude russians are worse in terms of technology and they cant compete with japan
Some dude: X is a perfect show Exactly the same dude: Ugh no show is perfect stop talking to me about Steven Universe UGH it's not that good
does this dude know what is he saying? clearly someone forgot to tell him the concept of shut up
This dude hates everything! Damn bro why so #salty?
Im staying humble, im the same dude I was a week ago, people just coming @ my neck for no reason
When ppl make fun of me cause I say dude
you can't roll up on campus you'd get arrested. Dude stopp. You're going to a house with 2 old people in it who j
Musharna always has it's eyes closed dude...
Dude, the latest Gravity Falls episode is TOO MUCH!! I WANT THE NEXT EPISODE RIGHT NOW!!!!
This dude rlly talk loud af, every morningggg!
dude comon please just be trolling because i have class tomorrow and this is gonna fuck up my sleep
#Repost with repostapp Happy birthday to a super dude and lyrical genius
Show is based in my neck of the woods. Mark is a good dude.
But you know what we ain't worried about dude cuz that's all he do is steal post pictures
The senators getting schooled by @kfayami. Dude sure knows his onions. #ministeriascreening
ok dude where are u from
lmaoooo chill cuz im a changed man. Im really a good dude. Its in our blood!
yeah use it dude.. Suits you perfectly
. You are begging the question dude. Cause according to those writers returning awards, modi is ruining India. @2raman
dude, join na. I'm gonna join hahaha
Happy birthday dude! I love you and thank you for everything you've done.
hy dude hud
I'm always up for that dude, hit me up closer to the time and we'll make it happen
This dude in my class just said Columbus sailed here in 1842
only us dude
v4 was pretty dope my dude. Just now watched.
dude nice
Don't know who you asked but if you're getting hammered by some dude you ain't straight! #imnotcuriousatall
Happy birthday to my dude have a good one
cheers dude :D
*no left turn sign* *dude makes left turn anyways* okay.
yoo!! Happy birthday dude hope you enjoy it! #TU
im getting sick dude wth
Dude! Follow for seventeen rps and more info about seventeen, the rookies band!
Hope you're having a good day, dude.
Happy birthday to my dude have a great day!
I've seen some football tops in my time but a dude in the gym with a Messi real Madrid top on tops the lot Noki Noki man seen you coming
the only dude who listens to my story
" If your dude come close to me, he gonna ride off in the Ghost with me That\'s how it post to be!!
Dude that shit is funny as fuck
forreal dude
Hardly a difference between kolo boys 'uta boys. Remember it was only like an hour ago that a kolo dude was tweeting about
The fuck nobody told me Kazuya was a DUDE
what the hell dude!
dude bro stop
Good need em 2protect us from ppl w/no understanding of their derelict choices. Were not the enemy dude-but Putins got ur back-yeh?
yeah dude def did, bumblebee tuna for life it was an inside joke
when the same dude tries to get at you and your best friend
quality win my dude #26
dude what vid is coming answer I have to go to school
very nice dude! Yeah, I am around 193 or so. :) im trying to get down to 175
Dude can break ankles!!!
When we're talking and having an eye contact to each other.. Dude, it's just so deep.
dude, it's autumn
Morning dude
penis four twenty is a awsome dude !
Rin rin in love /dude
Dude is a technocrat, not a politician. Nigerians don't like technocrats in power.
hey dude, you know what... i have feelings for you... AGAIN..
thanks dude will check this out later
DUDE THIS WEIRD LIGHT JUST FLEW BY MY WINDOW
Awesome dude's overseeing that I get worked hard .So this is your before pic . we'll do updates see big booty grow htt
I know dude. Halo 5. Bops 3. Fallout 4. Battlefront.
cast a dude who looks like a fallen angel.
my dude Coby leaving again.
#Blowjob,#Squirt,#Sexy,#Fingering,#Bigtits,#wank: Voracious And Sexy Mature Gives A Great Blowjob To The Dude
Salam Maal Hijra dude, hope you have a good year :)
CNN and Facebook have teamed up for tonight's Democratic presidential debate #DemDebate
Euro #tranny babe ass ravaging dude #euro
you're a weird dude
that is a question dude
Contractions this fucking early dude wth..
u ruined it dude
thanks dude!!!
This random fucking dude called me 20 times I ignored him. Finally answered and he\'s like "Jose I have a dumpster for you at this place!"
He's a very down to earth dude.
I cracked up when Prince told Rochelle how the couples have it all sorted out. Dude bro, she is also here with here bf??
Dude it was so good, this seasons gonna be killer
I need a good debrief 'I'll plan us a good night then' Dude, it better be fucking awesome! especially if the wife will hate me after!
dude it was from how harsh it was. Literally 2 seconds later I said it was harrasment and it was more
.@5SOS' #HeyEverybody shot to the top of the #Trending140:
Tim roth, the size of your body does not match the prize of a poster of your face that is twice your height, i mean, 25 bucks or more? dude
dude, what is that car on your display?
This dude Stat does not care. He straight up said Shady Ltd and those G-Unit tanks were/are garbage.
dude you have no clue. I'm nervous/crying for you. Freak Show got me good
How the hell to cast "negdev tria" dude....
like i still remember wanting to take like herbal supplements for estrogen to grow boobs for a while but still be a dude
word, dude is an interesting "specimen"
2 steps back 9 leaps forward! Never give up my dude, I'll always believe in you! #kazi
those rv fans keep talking and acting all relieved abt how wendy failed cube audition lol dude there is a reason why she failed im glad too
Dude let me tweet this a million fucken times.
hey dude I miss you I miss you too fam
It was badly photoshopped bondage porn. Of just Misha and a random dude. Pretty tasteless.
He wasn't an atheist dude. He was clearly Catholic. Or at least a denomination with catholic sympathies.
Can't wait,dude!
thank you for the follow dude
Dude I freaking hate you
you got this dude!! always here if you need me!
Eddie is really good at keeping male human, I think. He seems like a good dude.
WASP time is over dude. We are in control now losers.
Weed - God's gift to the world. Brings peace when used wisely. Pass the blunt, dude.
Yes, I wld agree with that. Find out it's a dude and d
See ehn, dude is good
Dude fuck you
Gave Donald money to write my world history paper, thanks dude:) @Yourboy_roach
go find another dude cuz im not the nigga u need
dude...woof
dude get yourself a Chloe
[Brandt]: Well, enjoy, and perhaps we'll see you again some time, Dude.
Yes, I wld agree with that. Find out it's a dude and don't stop, it's gay
Hahaha.. Dude Just Owned being A Stingy Bastard .. just to pass screening ...
Helluh irritating dude
Ugh I hate the fact every time I meet a gay dude they call me bae or babes or try to talk to me, I'm not your...
Dude wtf your team is stacked
We're in the same boat my dude This coming week is gonna be insane , so help me God
My dude is back
Dude, nobody can drag me down
This dude is probably gonna give out 20000 copies of Refiloe at the dome and say that he went gold in 1 day
I trust the dude.. he's gonna tear em apart
baru sampai testo dude. Shopping jap.
how do u know all this shit dude
Dude I hope I can buy both of them
Best video ever dude!!! #ltlickmeisfamily
I am really kinda glad I can still listen to Patrice O'Neals stand up and bits on the radio, I miss that dude.
I'm just a calm dude ... That move in a loud tone ..
Dude there's tiny pieces of snow WHYYYYYYYYY
This dude is set to knock out Denrele soonest,buh believe me this is kinda disgusting..
lmao dude happy birthday faggot you didn't respond to my birthday tweet
Dude little Dragon. Are we going or nah?
" thankyou so so much omg xx" Aha it\'s ok dude - George\'s gurl
he just walked by me again and was like "dude it\'s poison. we gotta talk"
practice na dude, PT tomorrow!
dude? Are you alive?
YAY! TWIN FOUND. HAPPY BIHDAY DUDE.
A new favorite: Beenie Man - Dude (Mina Remix) by MINA on #SoundCloud
this dude sounds like slingblade
where was you at dude ?
thank you my dude
It's whatever dude...
Ethel was angled across some dude's knee. I offered to clothe her, to feed her, to bath her if she'd just give me a little exclusivity.
ewww dude
dude are you on a twitter tour? they are awesome!
Just gave a homeless dude some money, I'm proud of myself
Dude I would be the best girlfriend
i wish attending #FrankfurtBookFair2015 with u dude #bighope
Tides &lt;3 I really love your music dude keep doing what you love!
hbd chlo bro!!! have a rad day dude
I'll sock dude
#mfs miss you dude. fr: fams.
Dude math is so hard!!!!
dude, pass your number
he is lowkey as fuck. Dude never used the momentum he had. He had several too smh
I can't rock with a dude who loves attention, grow up.
dude you really good with these kinda things, like this is beautiful...
When she started rapping the dude filming damn knew she wasn't getting signed
dude I did that one day and had 15 min to make it to work. Luckily my mom rescued me
dude.... thats so fucked up im sorry that happened to you
dude, you're Mopee. The Mopee. Except a comment from Batman or Superman, what could top that?
I don't think so dude! #WTF #PleaseNo #Seriously
Dude...it's a 47\xbd off coupon..
Dude! I just found Listen on Itunes! I'm loving it!
Haa....where u @?
yes dude lbs ain't shit changed dm yo number
epic nice dude
Dude whaaaaaaat
Dude, where's my vervain?
dude I just slide them on and it was suffocating me.
Keanu Reaves is an awesome dude.
NEWZ-SPOOF: "Unfortunately no minister was available for interview, so instead we have a free-market fanatic from the Tax-dude alliance"
Happy 21st birthday my dude! @TheMitchness_
dude on the announcements sounds depressing
#fablelove,#Sex,#Porn: Hot Tempered Black Dude Fucks Three Furious Chicks In Different Positions
the puppy is such a dude they've got to continue the story. Even in Oz we know Bud and know the brand
What was the name of the ice cream clown driver?? Vintage game dude #Classic
Is Dino melaye ok? dude looks tired!
how did you forget dude ????
ohhhhhh yeah thanks dude
Dude, if I got reincarnated I'd want to be reincarnated as a FRIGGIN' PHOENIXXXXXXX
good luck my dude...
HAPPY BIHDAY DUDE @hwesley4141
we don't know each other, but I just wanted to say Happy Birthday, dude.
also never let one dude try to reorganize tables in a classroom full of twenty people when you got a 4.0 in geometry
congrats dude...
who is this Balali dude?
Who gets shot in the head, their first thought is to post a vine... This generation is fucked dude
stfu dude
Dude, just shake it off.
Dude be on my mind all day son that's y I be going from Happy To Sad to mad real quick
Dude on the radio tryna sell stars too people, dude thinks he's Zeus or something
And if I\'m that one dude, I\'m on some "they need me more than they hate me" type shit
Shit dude this is awesome! Thank you so much!
holy shit dude
The fun part was waking up just as the dude was listening to the murderer's multiple personalities on tape last night.
dinner dude hoho #PSYHiwalay go kns #PushAwardsKathNiels
no problem dude! Keep it up!
THANKS. IM NOT A BIRD. XD HAHAHA MISS YA DUDE. THANKS AND I HOPE SO TOO
I love this dude so much ... That's all
This dude took paintings to an extreme level
I mean, the dude spells his name BELLO but insists that it's BAYO. No. Just no. And he's an asshole.... errgh. Can't believe I know that.
dude that p90x yoga was no joke. I always skipped yoga day
Awwww ikr dude :D
Dude that's awesome!
Me and some old dude reached for the same bottle of Vit-Hit, if this was a movie, he'd have banged me by now... Glad it's not a movie:/
dude... i'm actually downloading the mv right now since yt's too slow
Alexander is that dude
Like there's a less than a second long scene where dude gets shot in the helmet, draws his gun back in shock and gets shot in the chest.
dude idk why can't I wake up with my alarm
Limitless is basically a dude on pure caffeine who has the munchies from time to time.
Miss you dude! I'm excited to see ya again. I hope China is treating you well!!
im tired, dude.
sige dude
we just got lucky and both unboxed wtf dude
Walked Outside To Take Bro To Bus Stop. Lol I made that dude go by his self
When didn't I like you, dude? Unless I secretly have a reason why to dislike you, @LilBezzy__?
dude crib wild dirty can't expect much from em
Los the type of dude to give you a free complementary dimebag with a purchase of an ounce
You're distracting me from work Colton dude
Inspiring...
DUDE!! I want your Rs name so bad!!!
My dude with the wand at the front door legit thinks he's secret service
This movie going to have every dude questioning they relationship fam. Bruh lmao this pissed me off
Diamond Jackson And Friends Fucking One Lucky White Dude
DUDE I THOUGHT I WAS HEARING THINGS. LIKE I WAS MAKING SURE IT WASN'T WHAT I THOUGHT IT WAS.... BUT IT WAS
hahaha I'm so happy I can make you laugh dude the other night was so fuckin funny
dude, you're only like 900 followers away from 1 million omg
dude - that takes brass *ahem*
when the Camp Rock cast dressed up as the High School Musical cast
,#hot,#teen,#nsfw,#porn,#milf: Freaky Dude Is Gonna Taste Sweet Vagina Of His Booty Wench
I fucks wit the bryson tiller dude
Ughh me too. I miss how we bond. Dude, Imissyou.
Dude posted a pic of himself crying on IG I hit that unfollow button so quick
Ayo! This the phone I had the last time somebody sent me a dude
Dude just threw a garbage can
Dude said Al Sharpton looks like a naked bobble-head with a perm
This fucking dude man me ha echo la ma\xa4ana
Dude I'm so over this.
THE BIG BOSS has a Dream :D Electronic dance album 15 years in the making!
This dude.. #bringmethetreats
watching episode 10 of the main event on YouTube rite now.. Dude I fucking love you..
Paige please stfu you're like 6'3 LMFAOOO dude
My dude Roland Martin said Raven looked like a parakeet #NewsOneNow
Nothing good comes instantly, dude. #BuildingInOrderToThink #FineTuning #Refinement #Product #Development...
dude, where's my car?
great cover dude
Best bet for that dude would be to delete his Twitter. What a chump.
love u dude!! wouldn't wanna be sitting in the back seat of anyone else's car
I'll never forget last time we went me and Abbs was getting chased by this dude I was like we gotta split up as soon as we did she ate it
thats at the end of 5 my dude. Get your Star Wars Facts straight.
happy birthday dude! Enjoy
No matter how you look at it, she's eating another dude's cock
Cheer up, dude! @roooooooooooog
Happy birthday!! have a great day dude
it's hysterical to me dude. I literally JUST woke up and I am in tears I am laughing so hard. Lmao
dude, shut the fuck up
not at all dude. Been serious.Wasn't impressed.Big fan of other two. U not going past 7 with Ryan
You aren't interested in casual conversations today because yo... More for Pisces
dude it's like $9 off!
Dude has mad clapping skills in live performances
holy shit! I'm dying for this update dude.
It\'s impossible to "meet" eveyone in a bid ass crowd, people understand this (I hope). Dude, 9 more days until #SGFG I can\'t wait
It's ok dude, we're all bummed about last night. #dodgers #dodgerdog # @ Brooklyn, New York
A Dude can cheat around with bunch of many females.. But, Will lose his mind if his girl even talk to one man
Dude wtf
Where the hell are you gonna get Wendy's dude?
dude can we play smash now? :3 days of disrespect? Smash ladder? :3
FOUND OUT WHO STOLE MY MONEY, IM SLAPPING THE FUCK OUTTA DUDE TMRW FYM
that Bryson Tiller nigga wayy 2 overrated, dude lyrics basic y'all hop on any wave
the dude? #rippinitup
Or heard Damn this dude made 13 albums smh I ain't even noticed
Bus So Damn Hot Sweaty Nasty Dude
Dude u were embarrassingly unfunny void of any wit. Maybe social/political issues arent ur thing.
he looks old as crap, dude
She only want me cause I be round dude..
Dude I love B.I.G
Good thing your one tough dude! Keep your head up buddy, nothing you can't handle! Back to normal in no time!
Fine this Fayemi dude can yarn...but can he work? And why did Ekiti people favored Fayose over him?
good lord dude read something other than Twitter. Try Google.
wow dude nice job looks vary well done
keem your a asswhole dude not cool bro with your bald head
happy birthday my dude!! sharing a bday with u is litt we gotta smoke a fatty tg have a good one
fucking school busses dude
My dude wrote a book about hiring a Navy Seal to live with him and his family for a month. Awesome
dude I didn't mean to knock your French toast out of your hand hommie
Heard some girls laughing at a dude coz he got 3000 a month. He pays rent and takes his brother to school. They still w
Dude Olicity has officially taken over the planet. High five!
you got it right dude!
I'm the funniest dude I know what can I say
Sad dude just sad
Let me text dude see if he still tryna move me in. Can't say i didn't try
dude im scared hahahah
Glad to see everything is going well for my boy kick some ass my dude
dude is so whipped he only follows his girl
Not Photoshopped, Tr #blessyourheart2 #crossdresser #dude #hilars #hotmess #lady #man #queen #royalty #ugly #wrong
Dude, move your ass and go to the fucking school. What are you waiting for?
Any chick that has less than 8 pillows on her bed is a dude.
Tonight I watched a dude do "comedy" on acid. His closer was throwing up blood all over the bathroom. I told jokes about
You did really good dude. Good game! :D I died too many times as Johanna though ;-;
I like those kind of sweet messages from Ashton, Calum and Michael (Luke where you at dude ?), they're so nice Have a nice day guys ! Xx
i love you dude
stalk dude
was it so hard to accept the fact that sometimes we're wrong like gee dude
To all the people going hardcore commando in toga day.... Go perryville?
honestly dude ur obsessed w Mike and evrything he does. Its actually sad at this point @7BOOMERESIASON
nice dude seems pretty legit
Dude that's shit so funny
Whatever dude just leave me alone today
happy birthday my dude
how are you dude? i miss you!
Working 30 hours a week on top of school is difficult dude.
I asked my friend Sarah how I should draw Quentin and she said "wearing a Troye Sivan sweat
Hilarious dude in starbucks drive through in NB you are whats right in america you need a raise my dude.
lol okay dude
Also made a dude in Mona's outfit for a friend, and he's cute, i guess, let him dress how he wants
you're a game winner dude
Woah dude tweet delete is so effective because it doesn't delete shit! :D
Respect dude respect
its looking great dude :D excellent work so far! How are you?
Lol this shanda and this day26 dude situation is annoying the kids come first l would just go get a regular job #LHHHollywood
I will hit ya dude with that "ion recall"
shit man, and there's a dude who does amazing chips nearby so basically this is my wedding + reception s o r t e d
dude i needa talk to you about something
I just watch this dude do the driest homecoming proposal ever
right, cool out my dude.
dude that's romantic as fuck #baegoals
Hit you with that nice dude
well if you wanna talk about anything dude, just shoot me a message?
oh dang dude. I at least slept from 1-5 lol. Take some like Advil PM
Dude sitting next to me has two babies. Someone please kill me. Painful 11 hours inc
#transformationtuesday been running with this dude since the beginning. Brothers that work together,
Patiently waiting for her dude to slip..
aaa well i guess it's time u stop dude that stuff is terrible ,, ,
dude, I didn't know you had studio.
awh dude i hope you feel better soon
Man this dude future really stupid
dude look up Jose Gonzalez and listen to some of this stuff. He's kinda soft spoken a little, but his music is freakin good
fucking good one dude
lv u dude
hey dude get some sleep if you can. love you xx
DUDE WTF
lmao this dude wins
dude dirty to me
Every time this dude talk about his girlfriend my only response is ' aw ' [w a straight face) . I hope she find out out you dirt ball
"whatever you say always ends up on Reddit with hundreds of thumbs up" "yeah because I\'m Hax fucking Money dude"
dude this logo as never been the main logo it's always been apart of a sport brand
wish you the best of luck my dude make this country proud
hi dude how r u ?? R u spending ur free time with fam or frnds ?? Whats ur new plans ??
#Gay,#malesex,#Rimming,#GayAnal,#Wanking: Black Dude Fucks Alluring Blonde Near The Fireplace
this dude is full of it! Her granddaughter is in for a wake up call, whether it's sooner or later #WarOf
Surprise appearance backstage by this awesome dude/bass player!!!
dude hell no, I'll go to Paris over my dead body. Come to Prague!!!!
I can act that i dont care. ACT so be aware of me dude
dude I love watching the behind the scenes stuff, seems like you guys have more fun w
turn off your autocorrect, dude
hey dude, i love you a lot, i hope you're having a good day! :)
Dude has been busy telling his side ever since #StraightOuttaCompton came out, but he's on a roll with this one...
the dude driving in front of me rn has to be wasted... going 30 in a 45 swerving all over the place.
Thanks dude, check ur Whatsapp ASAP
THE INTERVIEWER WAS ASKING IF HE MISSED MAINE BUT HIS ANSWER... COME ON. HOW CAN YOU MAKE IT LOOK LIKE A ONE SIDED LOVE. BE CONSIDERATE DUDE
I hate it when ppl have conversation in the comment section of a picture on Insta. Like dude! Don't you have each others number
Dude u can see her underwear line through her leggings
Morning dude. :D
cheers, dude. I posted it in the meetup announcement as well
your welcome dude
Cop was like go to the other side to sleep . Im like cool. Then this other dude randomly wake me up like U can't sleep here Etc, im like
DUDE. EPIC!!!
The dude laughin at the end has me weak
you are desperate for everything, dude
MFW they call Clement biased. Dude, have you seen ?
look man you worry about your chick init i just clocked her with a black dude
#tossbacktuesday man I miss this dude more and more every fucking day
WTF DUDE!!!YOUR INVADING AGAIN MY PRIVACY!!! JUST WTH?! STOP SENDING MESSAGES THROUGH MY ACC! JBCXDHNKJHGVCFGH
Its autumn dude
dude on New York radio started crying iver Harvey carrying the team lol
happy birthday dude!! hope it's awesome!
this is the end if tge WASP era dude. A caliphate is forming
A black dude just posted proverbs 12:9 on his facebook in my feed. It's a verse saying having servants is pretty cool #Slavery #nice
this dude next to me got some dirty ass shoes
dude until now???
This dude farted so nonchalantly on the train #godly
Cheers dude. Jiving hell you did a grand job on Saturday. I told you Pulp Fiction was my fave film u killed it bro
Happy Birthday to THAT dude ! Hope it's filled with times of cool sailing for definite! #FAIRIES #BEU
I'm with my dude Flavor Flav, everyone always thinks the sky is falling, b4 they even have any facts, Give i
this is like his 3 coach. dude is a coach killer. great arm. terrible...accuracy, decision making, defense reading mechanics.
Dude crisp as hell
And local news talking about enlistment in this country, dude i'm too sensitive to hear about enlistment thingy already -w-
cmon dude get out of bed just one more day
saw a dude in a Confederate Battle Flag shirt at the show last night. I should've introduced myself.
wait how does that dude know all that stuff um
I'll have to google it but I don't think a mid-life crisis lasts for 10 years, dude.
dude insomnia sucks like i still havent slept
Rage on dude, rage on
dude that's a heart attack awaiting. But hey we all have our #guiltypleasure
dude no way lol
I sAW A CUTE GIRL DRESSING UP AS ALICE dude thats likes one of my favorite movies from disney because of cheshire the cat and mad hatter
haha thank you dude x
Thanks for sharing my Periscope Tips scope dude - you DA man! :-)
I can't lie that boy the most humble dude ever!
dude.....check this garbage out. I mean dont if you dont want to...but its just so stupid.
yuuuu lembras ?? Thanks dude
dude you already have a plot for your next script. I can't breathe
*sees woman with tattoos* woah check out daddy issues over there! *sees man hating women* woah that dude is real normal!
How we treat our parents today, will be how our children treat us tomorrow. May Allah have Mercy upon our parents.
COPS CLAIMING DUDE GOT KICKED OUT THE CLUB THEN SHOT INTO A CROWD, HITTING A FEW WOMEN AND KILLING A WOMAN HE KNEW.
honestly dude idk which one i related to the most. Probably the making toast one bc lets be real here
Why the fuck this dude lyin??? Ain't no way he'd do a show for free
happy birthday man. Best wishes my dude
Happy birthday dude! Wishing u many more!
HAPPY BIHDAY DUDE. luv u and our late night car talks and nuggies
dude i want your follow so bad
God knows i wont be able to hold the laugh in. The white dude has turned red
Just because I hang out with a dude doesn't mean I'm dating them... Didn't know I was still in middle school
I posted the email I wrote to the NSAC about Nick Diaz here thanks for all your support dude!
Coffee shop people are weird dude.
Lol I jx witnessed a girl Shatta a dude make he start dey do ein devotion for ein phone top .Lmao
Dude wtf... Where's the cold and rainy days/nights?
Happy birthday dude I hope your birthday is awesome as you are! @Sethy_Davey
Dude is intelligent
damn dude it's over lol
i mean it's murderdeathkill all over the place and dude's off in a corner petting the ears of a curlyheaded lamb. also s
Dude these cramps are killer
#thatmomentwhen a dude who tried to get at you not three months ago posts pictures of his newborn from this morning...
Dude me rn
Shoutout to the dude that got our 8ams cancelled. You the real MVP
attending the open evenings don't count
great dude do you have surprise plans for psn?
Ahaaaaa, yeah dude thanks! Honestly just got moody at my makeup lmao
DUDE NO WAY!
That dude needs John Cena in his life xD
Girl will lay next to you and text another dude.
I won 122-121. I bet that dude is mad. Id be beside myself.
Dude, thank you. Means a lot. So much improving and growing to do. So many incredible people - streamers, staff, viewers...
You're a pro, right? But why, dude? Cause that's what the establishment wants? You're just duelin' for the Man.
That dude is obsessed
Wishing you a speedy recovery @jcharles25. Thoughts are with ya. Always been a good dude shared your time.
ya me to dude...School sucks ass id rather skate all day.I hate ny school #Schoolislame #itsgayaf
dude, i;m a guy, i'm not use bra, how could i know what day today
dude keemstar just shut up nobody cares if people want to be childish let them be you can't change them
happy birthday to the one and only roach! I hope you have a great day dude
dude, india has seens 100s pf riots, in that context, it is a small incident. true, death is not good anyhow.
The dude sitting next to me said my music from my headphones was too loud. Is it me? Really, what am I doing wrong?
Happy 240th birthday to the Navy HM2 Mullan and myself. Great dude
So hungry dude
less grabbing more tho my dude
Happy Birthday to the dude with some great hair!! #18
fuck dude, well I'm glad y'all are ok..
DUDE DUDE DUDE! I JUST ROLLED IN SOMETHING THAT SMELLED SO HORRIBLE, IT'S SO AWESOME WANNA GET IN ON THIS?! -Dogs
The judge gave old dude ...885 YEARS! :-D BANG THE GAVEL / "See ya later... Buh bye!" -don\'tdrop the soap! #childpornidiot
It's vivid fam. U cnt say u havnt com across such. In ur honest opinion,if uv prayd ovr somn,wil u stil tweet it? htt
Actually I am beginning to like this dude ;) cc
it's not a sin to change chara. No need to say sorry, dude
Pause This the phone I had the last time somebody sent me a dude
where are you dude??? Wish you were here!
I just fist bumped a dude that was driving next to me on the freeway. It was awesome... Cool guy
My father is something else with his early ass chats about how some dude pissed him tf off
Invaded a dude's FOB in MGSV and shed a single tear as I knocked out his entire strut, stole 24 dudes, and stole 25K in ev
from 2 years dude
Happy Birthday ugly dude, you share the same B-Day as my mother @delaneyisbest
i need a big fat blunt dude
#dude #world #payne #yellowtail Drop #ship #lifestyle #huge epcs: Ecommerce Course Wi
...as an otaku and so on. Both of them have pro and cons dude. Every country aren't really perfect.
if you hate asking the dude you're fuckin for money
that's super inappropriate and inconsiderate. don't be that person, dude.
no dude the source has enhanced usefulness BC I didn't meet your expectations hence it's reliable af
just tryna study and this dude comes into the lounge listening to Replay by Iyaz and destroying a mf hogie
But dude!
Akpabio is clearly on some designer weed this morning. The Dude is super excited #MinisterialScreening
SCar should be looking long and hard at Cutcliffe from Duke. Yes I'm serious. Dude can coach.
M!M about 1D The band: Liam, Louis, Harry, Niall Friendship: Only LiLo Romances: - Loner: Harry Random dude: Niall
a girl can respect herself and still wanna suck a dude soul out
yeah!! There's even a tricycle driver dude!!
troye the type of dude to eat animal crackers and make the sound of each animal before eating it
Oh dude
I stalked your Twitter to read all of this. Damn, dude.
I'm proud we were able to get through his birthday without someone saying 'wow! I didn't know that dude that...
I still have to give my dude a shot out for helping me when no one else lifted a finger! We need more people like him
dude I wish I could sarcasm
dude nice!
dude same. set my alarm at 6:30..
Happy birthday mr. Zack miss yah dude
Some dude on my TL said he lost all respect for Tmac after he got outplayed by Kobe in a regular season game lol. Tmac st
Dude its like saying we're only friends but we have something special
Asaness dude
Yall acting like Treon ain't that dude
I'm so sore dude
#ooc This dude behind me falls asleep at 8 am sharp every single class. It's impressive to say the least
I've known you my whole life and you're by far the worst friend love ya dude
get some sleep dude. Take some niquil and chill
this dude is taking it to the whole new level
ok dude something something master race something something petition to get bloodborne im a pleb whatever
Lol why I just peeped I said dude
some random dude found my phone in his yard and turned it into the school BLESS HIS SOUL
Tanks dude
whatever it is don't let it get to you dude, you're awesome and you have the power hope you're okay
dude u know how im doing lyrics, would ppl judge if i talk about akb #idek #muchshame
you don't need to work anymore dude you got endless bred
Dude things have been hectic
#theeditormovie is a pretty good, very funny very artistic movie. Adam Brooks is a pretty talented dude.
haven't gotten laid in 3 weeks. Fingers crossed that tonight ends the dry spell. Idk why every dude I get with ends up having a low libido
Lmao this dude is getting yelled at by the whole platoon cause he never showers.
nick look like he could be someone's dad and the dude just turned 16.
this is weird dude
If I can hear your music... It's too loud dude . #oldladychronicles
dude *nude Pause This the phone I had the last time somebody sent me a dude
oh thanks dude. Found it on the interent. Appreciate it though
slowly waiting dude. We had our hospital visit last night, I want to stuff my face lol
Speaking of MRSA, this dude just lost his foot, and an NFL career to a MRSA infection
hey dude! How's things? You going to the game tonight?
i met the coolest black dude he was so nice nd great nd amazin
Wonder how girls feel when the dude they gave the cookies to act like they Dont even see them in the hallway I wanna know #CouldntBMe
duDE U SHOULD TOTALLY HAVE A CROSSOVER WITH RICK AND MOY ITS LITERALLY PERFECT
dude that would be freaking epic! my mind is boggled just thinking of the amount of pranks i would pull off. hope he sees this! &lt;3
happy birthday my dude!!
jake jones is so funny dude @J__Jones88
Dude, didn't either!!!
Hey, Jaitly dude, aren't both of them deserve an award? What do you think?
dude! where you at?
Its about how you show it If you that one dude who's convo aint the basic lines like all other niggas you GOLDEN
I got woken up early by a loud sound. I went to the window to see what it was. Random dude cutting down a tree on my street with a chainsaw.
Lmao he told dude I ordered flatbread not black bread lmao his sandwich was burnt
Dude I had to unfollow some clemson fans i know. I almost lost faith in humanity.
dude lets be real, you like a trillion bucks
Dude, he looks happy. I love happy Michael. Can I have u forever? #welovemichaelclifford
explain dude
Actually any dude that tries sending u dick pics without EVER asking or even knowing who they are has issues
Cappadonna was that dude. His Winter Warz verse might be the best Wu verse ever LMFAO. Far worse than Capp
Dude be on butt
Your Girlfriend is a Cool dude.
uh oh. you're gonna get sick too :o take care dude
Dude: "I would rather die than help you!" Dracula: "Oh don\'t be boring. Everyone who says that dies."
Justin wanna watch Friday loud as fuck like dude cut me some slack please sir
dude is just saying that there is no "perfect one" for anyone, so find someone with whom you\'re prepared to weather the storm.
- I feel bad for da dude
Yeah dude, everything past the T sure matters :))
dude i wish i was suspended or somethin i straight hate school
OMFG DUDE!!!! YOU HAVE TWITTER!!!!!
Ah, so precious~ " Mr Gentleman and Caring (^_^)
Flower crown is part of history dude
happy earth strong day dude....
dude totally was remembering the other day that your mom would tell us we'd love country when we get old
if he doesnt i will that dude is hilarious
man dude im really finna cry, my lip ring went inside my lip again my lip swole it made a big ass bump
dude, why u trollin
Dude, nobody cares.
holy shit! All night dude!? Lol
My dude jeremy puttin that chunk on the early side #workflow
Lol dude!!" Don\'t trust fat people, their physical structures alone spell "GREEDY""
Dude ang simple!!!!
Tangina dude I hope you're happy with what you're doing but I also hope you know what the word 'respect' means.
happy birthday Fl\xa0vio imy dude we gotta chill asap
Mix Au, do you actually think people know who you are? Hahaha, half your followers don't even use Twitter d
chill out dude lmao
DYK what employees are downloading? Control access downloads to protect your business from hackers: #MassITCyber
fuck you dude.
Smoking Cock Fine black dude sucks #cock w Manpuppy hitting #cigar #Fetish #XXX
well done dude!!x
Huge shout out again to Dude just doesn't know how not to live large. Great time tonight brother
dude you sound like max headroom this morning tell them bastards to increase power!
DUDE ARE YOU ALIVE? #EMABiggestFans1D
So blessed to have known this cool crazy dude #RIPRob you'll be missed .
Yesterday my stomach was hurting and this boy said still ! And I said what? He gone say I seen that dude on your sc he got you hurting
sound great dude!!
i miss you dude
I feel like I'm going to marry a short dude , and cheat on him all the time with the tall dude I always been wanting ..
How To Stop Dating the Same Lame Dude Over and Over |
Happy Birthday dude @MikeHusni05
Why does not have a public snapchat? Like dude you need one!
dude has been sitting on our happiness for far too long.
HAPPY BIHDAY DUDE!!! See you at uni
not trying to be funny dude ur annoying
I fucking hate people who stop at railroad tracks. Like dude wouldn't you feel/hear/see if there was a fucking train coming at you?!?
Dude all you was doing was embarrassing yourself omg
Happy birthday my dude @BallTilDeath
uh.. what? The backseats were full... btw... DUDE ARE YOU STALKING ME ?! #EMABiggestFansJustinBieber
Congrats dude!.
Aye thats a good one! Hahahah THANKS DUDE!
This dude wake up with the joke of the day and give me my laugh for the week. The silliest guy ever LOL
Dude's last name is Poon. I just can't today.
Because EVERY new man knows, you got about 2 weeks to really impress her before her old dude come back around acting right.
Dude I swear! Not even one week later and she got someone new... She a hoe!! But that's none of my business
GGs to my dude Jesser
i wish thats some dude at unlv
omg yeah dude wtf pick me up your treat:-)
Pre game lobbies before Gamebattle matches
Me: "Dude are you serious?" Ducey: "AS A HEA ATTACK!"
Dude, make sure to watch the Rosa Parks one first. So funny and interesting.
"Kagura-chan!" by this dude
wtf DUDE I post photo all and you reply this kind of bullshit
Its not being too obsessed but dude she forget you already even if they dont have any relationship,then what more if they have? :(
Watching Tech News Today (Video-HI) (TNT 1364: EMC: 'Dude, We're Gettin' With Dell!')
i can dude, seriously. And if u pay me for doing that, i can
dude, SC is horrible and has been for years.
I can't believe they are about to drive me to leave for 18 weeks. Dude
the body suit dude was slim goodbody I think.
happy birthday dude enjoy your day
#DesiAunty,#Slutty,#Indianporn,#Sex,#Blonde,#Breastmilk,#Lactate,#DesiTeens: Horny Grannie Rides Young Dude...
wtf?? cat calling isn't cute dude
5 minutes of study, 5 hours of relaxing. That's what you call a perfect time management dude.
I'm just hoping for another chance here. I'm still feeling the effects of that dude grab-assing and stepping in to stop it.
It's fearless, dude. Fck you.
dude, it's about s different Tyler.
Decade day, Josh as Spock from the 1970's and I'm just dressed as an 80's dude #yhs #thesting
Mix Au, do you actually think people know who you are? Hahaha, half your followers don't even use Twitter dude off off
You people are haters, cops have jobs and the dude resisted them. If he didn't resist he would be doing just fine.
thanks dude very much appreciated, i have arab also lusa
thanks dude love you
last GFK show i went to, someone in the crowd wanted to fight so he invited dude onstage to say his piece. he chilled.
lol i dont even have it dude ry might and thats why im confused we all ate it lol
happy bday my dude
All the time dude.
This is why I love this dude
it couldn't out run a dude with no legs
In Season 1 of The Walking dead, What was Patient 19's relation to the CDC dude? #thewalkingdead
DUDE! Did you just say WATER or GTFO as dieting advice? That's fucking hilarious LMFAO. And inspiring too. WATER OR GTFO @OreWaSpyke
you're just making a fool out of yourself dude.
oh my gosh dude
For a dude who doesn't eat ass,I would that day
Dude in the bus looks like lil Wayne
#mybattlebuddy annual training! !! Great times!!! Dude we left the tank
Got this dude on my mind this morning! Thankful for this guy and the time
one of the illest beats I've heard in a minute... Dude is crazy with production!
Dude love this
Think twice before you're speak dude.
dont worry dude looking for free gfx and just say you do payments
There's this dude at the car wash. He's blind in one eye and can't talk but he always makes sure the car is clean the way I want it.
Mang Tomas is so sad. I feel you Tommy, but please stand firm dude! #TOMIHOLoveConquersAll
I`m perfectly happy dude.
Nd i jus walked pass. This GROWN ASS MAN Got on a crown nd a toy swordlet dude try sum ima beat the breaks off his ass
yes..that dude is the future of super eagles striking force
Just looking for a nice way to ask this dude if he is a mutant. The defined musculature in his forehead tells me don't
dude, no class today... i can just stay in bed...
Im so Over this dude .
At work and wishing I could watch, dude. Have fun!
so your king here went to have pleasant convo with this old "oracle" dude and he had the AUDACITY to have a TUDE with ME!
is this about rat dude that we always talk about
hell yeah dude !
that lil bottle of hennesey is deadly, ask this dude
Congrats to my dude on being News Herald athlete of the week!!
We are programmed to see the dude selling marijuana as a criminal and billionaires profiting off of Ritalin sales as busi
Thug Life
j3j3 ew dude *xD*
What a dude &lt;3
that Ryan story legit made me mad. Dude is a bum
I was in ur exact spot w/probation b4. 1yr IS NOT along time at all. U seem like a really cool dude I honestly wish u the best
FUCKKKKKKK DUDE ALMOND MILK THAT SGIT
happy birthday dude @Joncunningham20
I'm a small dude, so I'd never play football. But i wish i was a swole tight end.
dude I don't know what you're talking about, it's not my birthday
dude i was so mad lol
dude u got calum is ur dp and u wanna win a 1d thing...
my fault g im talking bout some other dude.
i know this dude who likes to f#ck trucks and metal objects..he gets turned on by big heavy machinery...DO NOT ASK FUTHER QUESTIONS
If that dude wasn't a bitch I would got 10 days
Dude... I am not white, get out of my mentions!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
This dude really just stepped on my shoes
Because you say well if i fight this dude am i gone have to keep fighting him if he lose until he get a win....
Dayum, dude don't play one bit: dreaming about stylish Iris who's his #1FanWe u Bar #WestAllenIsIconic #WestAllen ht
Happy birthday dude @jordanmorris_12
get a 1210 dude.
Me: *jokingly* whoot whoot wht are we gonna be for the Halloween? Friend: dude its Maal Hijrah. Me: we can be sheikhs.
Nigeria my country if rule by any white, the white will voluntary resign because only the hearted dude rules. We Say NO to gay legalisation
me. I'm crying dude
coolest looking Jetta is owned by a dude that works at 7-11 lol
I was a cold dude im getting back to my waays
not you, dude. You're beautiful and I love you.
Dude is taking forever to second a motion.
My head still hurts. And I woke up at like 2am. My son was still running around. I was like "dude, goodnight."
Water is wet. Sky is blue. Shout out this dude highlighting the lack of creativity amongst guys. Also, the irony.
Is the dude giving me an extra $5 back at whataburger a sign of me having a good day?
L??? I WANTED THAT GUY??INSTEAD??I got a purple hair dude holding onto a speaker
Tuesday wtf dude.
Everybody but the dude I'm waiting for is here
You are supposed to be removing your bra's to get examined not for thirst traps. #BreastCancerAwarenessDay #NoBraDay
Me: so when will it be done? Dude on phone: maybe tomorrow or next week, but since tomorrow is a holiday I stopped paying attention *laughs*
it's the actual fight dude
you know where I live dude
ya dude. You coming saturday or nah?
are you okay dude
Here is THE BIG BOSS sharing his Passion on INDIEGOGO :D
Any kathoey who's seen me has been like 'lol sup nice work' cuz i'm an foreign woman accompanying a 6'2 white dude who spends too much
Business talk my dude
he is such a handsome little dude!
Bruh this dude really on the bus selling batteries
billy it's October , drakes month gotta just quote the dude OVO
Dude? It's been ages
Happy birthday bro miss you like crazy funniest dude ik but od throwback
Love this lil dude
hahaha i won giveaway this morning shouts out to him awesome dude
When Ya Dude Spoil You Best Feelings Ever
stop dude. I know what it is
Hey dude [pic]
I'm a cold dude guess I'm gettin back to my ways
Dude killed it #SNL41
I just ran 1.00 mi with Nike+. #nikeplus
Met this drugged up dude named Eli in Tennessee this weekend. What did you do?
when you're chatting to a really cool polite witty dude in your chatroom and then he asks if you do mommy...
np dude!!! :D
dude you're the epitome of GenX. I say so.
If you vote for me, you can meet Bill Nye. Dope ass dude. Oops did I just cuss when I'm running for president? Oh well.
I was brushing my teeth this morning and I went too far back and I gagged and thought, "Man, it must suck to be a woman...or a gay dude."
Cool dude! Happy B-Day to you!
Just saw a stereotypical gamer dude in a 1Up t shirt narrowly miss the train. GAME OVER SON!
Preach dude
some dude i met at starbucks.
new account dude?
This dude thought he lost the biggest dollar bet of his life but then tn came through
dude i don't even think it's that big of a deal it already happened they should just let will play
ew syedpur lol I'm joking dude, I'm from angura Muhammadpur n ppl jus like okay kl it's only jus a place
Happy Birthday to my dude Have a good one bro.
Dude don't even get me started holy shit !!!!
I know dude!!! CANT WAIT!!!
why dude ?
dude i drew that and ruined everything sorry friend lmao
"dude we need to go to Africa and get a rhino, they\'re worth 120 bucks"
dude I still haven't figured how thats supposed to work, so yeah #howdoItwit
Dude tasered in the balls till he died? Holy fuck
I had no hair on my head as a baby now I have too much hair on my head fuckin thick as mop. Dude
Read This Book #4337 The Dude Magazine1/58 Brigitte Bardot Gwen Verdon Gus Thorner
preach it dude
omg yes dude that's mine where u at can I come get it sometime today
like me because of my body?! sorry dude u're nt my type
i love you so much dude
Don't sell short dude. I'm predicting his 1st shutout. Plus We'll hopefully have Ling back
That real dude has anime hair and I love it
I interviewed an absolute legend - - for @CrackMagazine! Inspiring dude!
Amiri King is the type of dude that would give his cousins upper deckers before he leaves.
DUDE yes
This dude right here.. Can be the sweetest kid but then a challenge at the same time!! Luv him.. A mother's luv!!
Dude. It's amazing how immature adults are anymore. Put your big girl/boy undies on and grow the hell up. Seriously.
dude Birmingham is close for me it's 100% doable
Just watched an interview with . So much respect for the dude, he keeps it real!
dude what's good
Happy birthday Peyt! Miss being on the pitch with you dude, can't wait for next month
ever seen UT99 or the alpha of UT4? Dude...
uhh dude at the bus stop legit outloud saying he'd fuck a 13 year old if she was cute UHH
can I get this dude with the Teddy ears and black pants too?
"the breakfast here is actually pretty good" the hell you eating dude
Yo. This Dude Is Crazy. Lol
To the dude who tried to break into my car: you had myself and Dean run out of the house in our underwear. #andwehaveguns
There's a part in my mouth that is bleeding right now..it's not because of the braces..but dude! It hurts! Dentist tonight please saket!
Dude WHY!!?? Its not a good story, I listen to you guys everyday but not today! #NOBODYCARES
I can't report it if I don't have the info. Back off dude!
Dude, I fucking love you @steveyeun
reply to my texts dude
#sex,#hot,#teen,#nsfw,#porn,#milf: Mature Blonde Taking A Shower And Sucking Cock Of One Young Dude
my homie Noah has that shirt bro that's fuckn so nice dude
lol at this dude talking about foreheads when his is dripping botox.
Murder mayhem on a dude ranch honeymoon #western #cozymystery PERIL BY PONYTAIL
Noot noot motherfucker I see you there being another typical dude wanting to have his cake and eat it too
side bitches can't tweet about my dude they only put oomf
did you update dude cause they added it
Congrats dude, big time man! :)
dude your vlogs are awesome! Love them!
An art installation that's dirt, 2 feet deep, in a Soho loft. A dude has taken care of it for 20+ yrs: @TheBrowser
"How do u turn on the lights for the show room?" "clap your hands 3x" "U serious?" "Dude this is not Narnia, 3-switch beside Superman"
Dude is way too excited to dress up as a clown. LOL @MockingbirdMovie
you about dude
you're the next picasso, dude
"Hey man, did I tell you about that awesome new tractor I got?" "No" "Dude check out this awesome picture" ??????????
Its really fun dude. You would enjoy it
My dude Nigma finally got some play from Ms. Kringle.
funniest guy coolest family right here. Love this dude.
Use ya brain like the dude in the white did
Everyone knows how much I love + appreciate Riky but thou shant do such to Dude's pen too gawdly!!!!
dude my stomach feels like Bobby repeatedly spearing it with his helmet....God help me.
You had a chance dude. #EMABiggestFansJustinBieber
dude. What have you gotten yourself into?
okay dude, the beta servers shut down at 4 so just join the party when you're ready :D
Dude why im throwing up ?
eyyy dude ;)
so we have an alien, archangel lucifer and some dude who wants to legalize the 4 seasons as presidential candidates...the fuck is happening
that's fine dude
HEY DUDE glad u had fun i love u
thanks blondiestormy means a lot dude!
I was actually early for wrk today even though I had to cuss some dude out at the daycare
that is awesome dude, have an amazing time
that's it dude, you're enjoying it,thats the key!! Absolutely right smash it, have a great day!!
Dude I always sent people wrong texts
next relationship. I seriously need a dude that's tired of playing, tired of lying, tired of fronting. isn't greedy just
Dude it's cold and these kids got the windows down wtf
Saw an ad seeking unpaid haunted house actors. Because why not hire a dude who wants to be alone in a dark room w scared chil
"Dude, my life is pretty easy." - @bstros11
that sad ass baby and this dude are playing in my notifications at the same. I can't stop laughing.
Some dude on the train just tried to ask me out by writing a note in his phone and showing it to me........
DUDE!!
stop talking I my bestfriend dude
Soft ass dude can't take a joke.
Stop begging it you dude
My bf is the best dude. Couldn't ask for anyone better tbh
Just stop the crap out dude
you want a white dude who held his company's biggest Championship this year? it's probably AJ Styles.
omg dude it was just a water bottle, there was no hotness about it
You can't find enough time to kick back today, but you might b... More for Libra
This dude who writes about The Gators was told by school: not ligandrol
dude we good to change to Sunday ? Dads taking me out for lunch Saturday
fuck our lives dude
Whenever you're ready dude~
hey I love you dude hope you have a good day
advice from the dude who's already gone through it :P
seems like ure in love dude
can I get this dude number? I think he could help me do some shot in Atlanta
Me: *jokingly* whoot whoot wht are we gonna be for the Halloween? Friend: dude its Maal Hijrah. Me: we can be sheikhs. Friend: its not funny
PLUS STICKER DUDE CUZ U JUAL2 STICKER
dude your pasta
check dm dude
well done dude.. one of the best dudes in the GAME! well done kiddddd
do this in london dude
dude claps for ur bio
Someone snapped his dick and sent it to me. IDK if it was an accident or what. But this dude is too early for halloween. #horrorstory ew
Dude! Really?!, Yes, the Force is Greator Than You, Young Padawan
Hot dude Avi fucks Luscious hard #pornlusty
Channel your inner surfer dude at @african_soul_surfer in #Muizenberg near #CapeTown.
in Wikipedia thats funny, Read Quran Directly you dont need any wikipedia dude
Dude, I thought I was like the only one. I am the same with those things also.
Someon e kill that blue hair dude
Ima bout to hit it myself dude!
then went to the bathroom and some dude in the cubical said "put on some musix so you don\'t have to listen"
LOL, dude... Just saw the SNL monologue. Fucking awesome. "Am I dating Bradley Cooper?" LMFAO! And the restricted mouth movement
LMAO!!! Dude You Are Crazy!!! John Legend Finally Scored! I Almost Sent Him #Imbiza! Istameta!
hey i love you dude
Dude Perfect 2 android app is now available at repository.
Was watching "Lets talk football"...that dude pwned liverpool left right n center... When star players dont...
Thanks dude! You already know
He jump and his knees exploding This was the dude that did surgery to be 6 inches taller for $85k
lol @ boys that lost the 1 girl who was actually down real for them now they gotta watch her love another dude who actua
Every guy that enters your DM after you post a trap is there for one thing and its not to share the words of God
Strong dude . I feel you
Dude, are you going to see Editors tonight?
LMAOOOOOO dude said he didn't wanna see Taylor Swift in a sextape because all you'll see is blue veins, elbows, and kneec
If we can't control our desires - Our desires will control us
Yo I can't wait for my birthday dude
Props. Who is this? Bruhh.. this dude killed this Hotline Bling Cover
Cheers dude!
omg it's not about you too dude HAHAHSHAH
dude I'm not a Grandma ughhhh lol TY siale boo, love you!!!
Dude I just wanna sleep at least one day past 8
Ii just hope my brother get well he a string dude
dude I miss u too! we need to hang out again soon
dude it's so awesome!
thanks! but dude if you can you should fly ... i mean my mom wouldn't buy me a ticket but it'd be worth it for that
I'll be sorting it tonight dude, lost track of time last night and forgot to do it haha
My apologies dude it wasn't our intentions.
Subtle amount if you aint her dude and ALL of it if you are .
Dude. Weak. Pathetically weak. Come on, now.
A dude at Dunkin kept calling me babe and he gave me a free donut
hey dude I hope you're having a good day
There are some real perks to being the first dude in the WH;at least Billy's not limited to intern pool #Hillary2016
The "I\'m not gay no more" church dude has a girlfriend?????
dude no, why not install the upgrade? Ubunthree.
I have nothing but patience and love for most girl gamers though. It's dude gamers who are deep in their own shit and need to stop.
" The dude hopped out the wheelchair bro
dude... Good look! Not HD but it is like you said; basically everything. I'm gritting nothing done at work today!
yep I'll be on the rainbow 6 if you need me or want to join us be nice dude
I fucking love this dude.
Dude loves to chill on Daddy..
So awesome to meet and hang on the air with on yesterday in @columbiasc! Class act cool dude! -Tim Leary
A dude "trying" to sing on the train. Dude come on its too early for that.
dude my headache
ok I just heard of dude lol just aint know wtf that was, finna peep
If you were the dude, what would you like to receive? I dunno. Money? A shirt? The presence of the girl I love? N
yo dude don't be an asshat
hey dude this is hard
When the lads refuse to go see Rod Stewart with u
my dude don Vito
I think I've finally become annoying enough to sit next to on the bus, which is a good thing in thus case. Lauren: 1 Creepy bus dude: 0
Fucking love this dude and hus cock
I'm the same dude you've been sleeping on
Hahahahhahah ow shit the dude who can't sing I believe I can fly makes it worse
LMAO. Love this dude. #BroScience
seriously dude, I am waiting on your response to this. Who the hell is Lyle?
talk to the hand dude
. hey dude whatsup, long time no talk. Why are you so ripped right now
and your not me. Dude just fuck off and leave me alone
Beenie Man Ft. Ms Thing - Dude
#Slag,#milfanal,#teensluts,#mom,#sexual,#Teacher: Kinky Cheerleader Kicks Dude's Balls In A Locker Room
KEEMSTAR SHUT THE FUCK UP DUDE YOUR OLD ENOUGH TO BE SCARCE DAD.. let a lone scarce date your daughter
dude cancel why are you being weird trying to play us 3 times in a row at 8am...
funny how everyone bugging on dude over that foot when i know they clearly see that fucking tattoo on that foot
HES FROM DURHAM? dude what are the chances of that whereabouts???
WHO? Or heard Damn this dude made 13 albums smh I ain't even noticed
Bitchs will choose a nigga with money that won't give them a dollar, over a good dude.
only Dude Alyssa the hottest celebrity.. So sweet, romantic, and lovely couple
Dude, so long as it was better than all green when we went you're good. Look forward to the weekend
". . . whats wrong hey dude?!" She said, while sighed. "Everyone was surprised when I mention the name of me."
Fayemi sha dat dude is something else.
Great to meet you dude! Thanks for coming in, hope to see you again soon!
i know dude pero tagos beng
Dude.. Look at the top. "TheKevinKevlar"
Ok, I will not mourn for you dude! @backstreet_bgn
Dude for reals?
Dude, if this was announced to be localized, the amount of negative publicity it's going to get is legendary.
Dude thnx man..... See you soon!!
" \'s not piper @ordersofthedoc, it\'s a dude"
Now I'm sitting there like, bruh. You got a dude and you asking to see my shit. Like, why? Who raised you.
Dude screw my mom
Thumbs up to Fayemi.. D dude is intelligent
Laundry Woes / Silver Dude - Regular... | #tv #episode #Laundry #Woes #/ #Silver #Dude ...
Blonde sucks dudes cock while brunette finger-fucks blondes\xffpussy
dude i thought this was a young chris evans
You know who else was 'underestimated' right? Little Austrian dude with a funny mustache. Thought of as a clown as well.
dude thats awesome!
Motion to just start calling this dude Captain America.
Nar he's a cool dude, is this actually happening ?
What's the best gift for a dude's birthday? Uhm, depends upon his personality.
We live in a county where this is news. Fill in the rich dude's name with any other to feel the ridiculousness.
Dude, imagine the Migos Thugger tape
Yeah, not really scary. More dude getting upset and irritated with the supernatural. I recommend Duma Key!
I sincerely doubt any of these decisions were made without him. Dude wants to pitch every game, to a fault.
I don't know what generation I'm from, I'm just a hippie dude.
Dude blck parth's fvrt clr n who's d 1 who don't like black color gimmi a break to this flZ At least not with ds one
dude sitting next to me has two vodkas. ;)
Oh gawd, I was thinking of another place. I loathe Cali Burrito (more because of white bro dude in charge, brown people serving)
Today my son Johari (jojo) turn 15. Is like a yesterday dude was a baby... :) Happy Your Day Son!!!!!
Call me a teacher or "dude that works in an office"
my laptop: i'm literally about to die. me: yeah whatever. my laptop: /dies/ me: yo the fuck dude i thought we were cool??????
Me and . You the second dude
Dude's Guide to Marriage Giveaway on @bloglovin
Dude you made it on Australian TV! Congrats on the new prank
Dude. Plz. Release. I will stream the fuck out of this.
sorry dude, got heaps of work to get through this afternoon, so back at my desk now!
This dude i work with is fucking wierd
hi dude, happy birthday
Happy birthday to my first grade dude ily
Sensual brunette's tits and pussy being touched by a hairy dude #sex #xxx #porn #pussy #porno
This dude on the radio snappin
DUDE FOLLOW ME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Wrong # dude
Lol this dude sad man
SURELY those JB photos are illegal. i'm as down for some d as anyone else but that is such a weird invasion of privacy. let
Thanks dude????
Ssup dude
I was the first person on the bus this morning. Second guy gets on, sits next to me. I guess that is shorthand for "I\'m a creepy dude."
I JUST REALIZED THIS DUDE WAS IN MY CLASS ITS LIKE THE SECOND MONTH OF SCHOOL LMAO
Dude, Baekhyun introduced himself to you, don't ever complain how hot the world is or how slow your wifi is.
dude kiss his chick and ya girl like... "MUST BE NICEEEE
2 1/2 more months dude.
Dude knows his shit
I don't get why everyone is so up in arms about Columbo Day. That dude discovered LOTS of things:
Enjoying the random old dude playing accordion port side in Vigo, Spain #holiday #vivaespana
dude, you've gotta do what you want. you can't only do things with subs' permission! follow what feels right in your heart
#str8 dude by day #gaybear at night there so sexy
There's also a ripe-smelling dude behind me who's been reciting the alphabet under his breath the whole way. Winner.
yo dude, scrappers gon scrap. There's valuable metal in that microwave
Dude what the fuck
OH: wealthy Asian dude talking about how diversity has more to do with socio-economics than race or gender. What do you think?
Dude parents cars aren't cool
That Just Pissed Me Off Dude I Just Can't Wait To Get Outta State Away From Family Everybody Before I End Up Killing One Of Them
Hey dude pulled over puking on the side of the highway, I feel you
not at all dude. Been serious.Wasn't impressed.Big fan of other two. U not going pa
peace dn dude!! =)
Riley: Skinny interjected "That\'s not totally true dude. I saw him smoking on the bridge when he hijacked the ship".
wrong day, wrong timing "dude"
25 years ago today was a very good day. Happy Birthday dude! #lawyer-life
Dude Likes His Mugshot on Facebook, Gets Arrested
sad times! dude you free thursday?
dude spell your name right on twitter instagram
Dude everyone already knewwwwwww
I'm forreal getting mad this dude in my ear talking about bullshit
dude Disney is the tits
dude no it was YOUR chance to meet them and you cant help that some fucks ruined that dont be sorry
get some people in dude
Honestly if you love a dude while he young you gotta understand you're gonna go through some shit while he figures out how
DUDE, I LUV'D YOU ON BUFFY AND ANGEL. &lt;3
heyyy Mohammed!! miss u bro &lt;3 how have u been dude
Dude, no one knows. Theyre suggesting irons and crock pots to me. REALLY?
Aaww happy birthday dude @44BINKO
LMAOOOOOO dude said he didn't wanna see Taylor Swift in a sextape because all you'll see is blue veins, elbows, and kneecaps
That dude who opened the bus door while the bus was still running nearly got me killed Jk
Dude, the law is the law! Dark ages human rights Yes but only in the western world. Their rules, their laws, their punishment!!
dude ur nan is well cool
this dude in my mentions is telling me you can't be married and be a stripper. sounds like he's jealous
Dam dude
Dude I use my waterproof case and watch Netflix with my iPod in the shower lmao
This dude is a class act. No questions in my view
[Video] Here's the basics of what you need to know about Dell and EMC from The Wall Street Journal.
dude if you're gonna tag me use the right name
Dude i made you a Halloween Skin Its a Jason Mask on your skin
MY dude
NQ: Some Dude Got Shot In Head After A Crowd Egged The Gunman On Outside Pats
Dude chill out!!
Dude, speak clearly please
dude I've been having some weird/bad dreams lately
This dude said he chose the 8 am slot because that's when we're most ready to think
Where is your thirst for life dude? LIFE. The one you're living...the one shot you get on this planet...enjoy it won't you? Fml.
Dude i know you miss me
with my best man! dude!
My boss knows nothing about having a kid, so when I can't come in cause of her he freaks out. Like dude mom before anything
dude, always check with seatguru. com
Dude This nigger Made His own Event trend. #3rdVintagePicnics wow
that's really hard dude
dude what. must have
Cheers dude your boxing knowledge is -5 if think Smith same level has Walsh or josh
Dude I love that song
Dude, that song...Fred has me like Will in Queens today, fighting back the tears #FredNation
Im a greedy dude. I want you to myself baby.
whatever dude I'm over it
I mean this dude seriously gets on social media everyday crying about his girlfriend....
When you don't need a costume for Halloween #kennyknox (Vine by @KennyKnox97)
Pre-debut photos of Bae Joohyun are suddenly surfacing. But dude, I'm lying if I say i don't like it.
There was this dude #lastnyte, he came there 4 me, he came #lookN 4 me. I can #alwayz tell when dude came 2 see if I was there
Happy birthday dude!
you bloody said it dude
People annoy the fuck outta me dude fr
Mood
Sweet dude
. 4 updates in the last 4 days? slow down dude how are other servers supposed to copy this quickly
dude, got no idea where that run came from. Been struggling to do just 1km under 4min pace.But damn I'll take it! You run road?
k so when a dude ain't loyal they can get mentally and sexually abused, but when a chick does it, it's wrong to hit a bitch. Tf
DUDE Q KILLS THAT SHIT!!!
Women who look like porn stars seem to always be with a dude named Chad.
Didn't this dude run on repairing America's reputation abroad? Sounds like we're a laughingstock to our allies and enemies.
. I'm going to try and find some other data sets to play w/, and made a good suggestion re: the Global_* mutexes.
congrats dude you deserve it :)
Dude.... If you let your girl go to sleep angry just no don't do it
This dude really have me
dude in the middle looks like he seen some shit
Dude with FOUR imy wife bumper stickers. Hates his life.
Dude you're so pretty
dude you've been busy just funny cause it takes you yearrrrrssss to answer texts
&lt;Pikaben>; Dude. I just heard my little sister shout "I\'m not naked!". &lt;Pikaben>; Should I go check what\'s going on?
yeah u r totally different dude. remember plz dont compare urself wif others. u will bw more hurt and down !!!! Please DONT !
Lil dude scared of everything
When bae gets a text from another dude while she's out with you
says the dude who was asleep at 8pm
#2hr walk# lil dude#beautiful day off #housework# shop# spin later# keep healthy # life getting there # yes!!!!!!!
This ignorant dude in my astronomy class literally just made fun of me for eating a bagel LMFAO ....How is that something to be made fun of
want me to apologize for knowing the dude needs everything at his disposal to beat a good team?
@RogerFederer! Shake it off dude!! Confident the rest of tournaments will be superb!!!
I just met the dude I could spend my life with again.
All the stuff dude said wasn't healthy for me. I want to give him an hood intervention. #StrawberryLetter
UGHHHHH WTF IS THIS CREEPY SHIT DUDE? NO NO NO NO, shut it off after 30secs, this is more satanic than King Diamond. NO. NO.
I love that dude that kills everyone, I forgot his name but he looks so good
riiiight on dude!
naa I seen this dude with a NWTS tee with those. Fit was weak as hell though so I ain't count it
!!Invalid protocol!!: "Dude that\'s gay" is not valid and violates policies via slurs and/or political incorrectness.
I always go to my grandfather first b4 I ask a dude but when I do ..I don't get told No
Hold up I'm watching NBA tv..... This dude Steve Nash is with the Warriors
#StrawberryLetter is clear cut this morning lol dude gotta stand up for himself
me trying to flirt with the Parrish boy
wtf how do you get so much dude I'm honestly crap! Any tips?
Highlight of last night at Raw was making joke chants with when dude proposed to his girl
It's official.. Gary Busey and I make the same face when we take pictures. Hahah! LOVE THIS DUDE!!!!!
Some dude hurt them and they're still overly sensitive. Seems like the girls on here have no sense of humor
Always be careful of what you hear about a girl. Rumors either come from a dude that can't get her or a girl who can't compete with her
Told you short term remember Alvin dance look into revelations dude epic.
Nobody said you should post a dude... #NoBraDay
Some dude is lying his butt off to whoever he's talking to on his cell phone. No sir...you are not in LaGrange. You're in Newnan. #Liar
god: kill ur son Abraham Abraham: ok *waits till the last sec* god: chill dude it's just a social experiment, the camer
good luck dude u can do it
Ogbonnaya Onu out already. Dude comes in and starts famzing immediately.
Dude it's hella mind screwing. I love it!
just some dude and a dog named boob living in the road in a lil rolling house. wild free and slobbery
do it dude, someone obviously needs to.
dude that's my dream
Sooo close to unfollowing this famewhore dude
Proud White Dude....I love it!
maybe after class my dude.
Dude u doin big things i have to cum c u perform ur hit single,i kno u murda!
f-in awesome, dude. Best conference graphics ever. Seriously.
dude sup
dude I literally have been thinking the SAME thing
yohoo dude we are not over yet it's not the end 3rd win yessss #GOT72NDWIN leggo
Yoo had a smashing time, dude !!!
dude I've never even walked foot in Oklahoma
this dude on a bike just scared the shit out of me
Dude, I can barely put weight on my right ankle
What r u doing dude.? U were not there just for practice.
Chambray short-sleeve shirt, jorts, tall BRIGHT blue socks. You keep rocking that look, Thickset 50yo Dude.
Quit kicking me from the Xbox party dude!
I hope gifts the BMW i8 he won in Munich to Albert Ramos-Vinolas! Dude just secured the #2 ranking for you Andy! Come on!
dude's fuckin broken, yo
dude get up and come over and smoke a cigarette with me!!!
waaaaahey!! Miss love u loads thank u dude
then later he was went "I miss my students that I like teaching" k thanks dude
I just want success happiness
SRSLY? ACT LIKE MAN NOT LIKE A DUDE WITHOUT BALLS. #masbarakopaakosayo
thanx dude u r my 400th follower.. Thanx to all thala bloods.. #vedalam
The theme song for the Donkey Circus is "Dude Looks Like A Lady" tonight. This is CNN.
Dude I wish I was back in Tennessee
Watching hayesgrier during dress rehearsal got me all feeling proud and stuff.. Love you dude!!! More
college destroys ur immune system dude I don't even know if I have one anymore
Lmao poor dude is now "IU\'s boyfriend
DUDE SAME
i got midterms dude :(
dude I never get notifications from you and your comments always disappear
Why #NoBraDay not #CancerAwarenessDay? Most gals here just postin their teats 4 fun cos that's wat they tink it is
this dude nearly ran me over at the crosswalk earlier
Biiiiiiiiig mistake @TomBleasby!! Was looking forward to seeing you on stage! If you want to do music you have to get over the anxiety dude
that segment gives me chills dude is so talented. Thanks for making my day. #BubbaArmy #sayit @25btls
Eish dude they will arrive in 2/weeks. I can't stomach in this
dude work sounds so torturous right now
definitely. Franklin is an interesting dude too. The book is fun.
LOL Dude like time flies I feel so old when a 1999 person adds me on facebook shhsh! Go away
you got to many dude friends , you just might be gay bruh .. i aint gone tell dady tho
Dumbass dude logged me out of my snapchat I don't remember my password lol
Literally fuck with ONE dude I'm bout sick of hiM!
god: kill ur son Abraham Abraham: ok *waits till the last sec* god: chill dude it's just a social experiment, the camera's right there.
Should Punch On Dude
This dude said I look 21
Lost connection during war. Psh. Socket dude
Happy birthday to one of my most loyal friends, no matter what I know my brother got my back, have a good one dude @pres
happy birthday lil ugly ass dude
dude can you pls upload your run on the ladder at sunday? would be amazing
it's in the list! Thanks dude
dude it's a habit now
Shake it off dude !
. Ah good point. Yea was just inspired by all the data viz in the CameraShy/Naikon report to try a dataviz-y app. And thanks!
LOL... Dude tried sha... I kinda expected a less appealing performance.
My sister just told my mom it's cold outside...dude it's 77 degrees wtf
Baby fever is real dude..I'm almost 22 but that ain't even smart
"Go tell your couple, dude."
dude you're old. Happy 25th!
Just walked by some dude that said "I wake up in sweater weather and go to sleep in satans ass"
The only person that will understand his stance on agriculture in the senate is Bukola Saraki. Dude did well with agric in Kwara
Dude I just wanna watch Netflix
Shit\'s bad " LOL Dude like time flies I feel so old when a 1999 person adds me on facebook shhsh! Go away"
#fat,#TeenSolo,#SexySunday,#Teeny,##BBW,#porn,#hot,#sex,#movie,# FreeSex: Curvaceous Brunette Teen In Black...
i dont want to be just another statistic on the board that nobody looks for nobody looks foreward to the boring dude #Deathchain
You're not alone. Dude is as entertaining as they come
That new Tyler song was dope but I know it's cuz the dude wanted to show he can still rap
dude it's already Tuesday
dude, I have a corporate job at home and this happens.... Oh, you're at home! Must be relaxation time!
Love'em or Leave'em! Unique's sleeping with her mom's fiance. Should she tell her mom OR just break up with dude and keep the secret?
learn from your mistakes dude
dude it's only for white people
when you drop all your niggas , be curving niggas left to right for one dude it don't work out b/w y'all blows me !
Happy Birthday Dude @john_king280
Dude having a good time too
I see you my dude
Some dude made a lewd comment at me and then tripped over a paving slab. Ain't Karma a bitch?
I'm still mad @ Lacie dude .
The boys are back in town living it you dude's. Xxxx
NBA2k16 Chill white dude playing 2k|Come hangout/Chat:
white dude just came into work tried to get blunts hands me a black guys ID I said uh... lol
I know a black dude who has one of these, he's a north Londoner though.
Dude sleep bad af bruh
U can't keep pumping that trash out my dude, flooding the airwaves nshit
DUDE WTF I TWEETED THIS BACK IN JULY YALL BE STALKING ME LIKE TF
Hey dude, if you can afford that 300 dollar cell phone you can afford headphones so the rest of us don't have to hear your bad music taste.
She always doing something, she never sits down nowhere dude .
They come and go really fast, dude take turn la datang ani
really dude.... Use the correct hashtag... So funny #HeyEverybody not #HeyEverbody #ARIAS5SOS
Junior hall loos bad ass dude
HAEPY WOOLS
dude is made of spaghetti. No lie
grats dude. ^.^
dats my concern though buh dude will be a big hit!!!
dude that was so me
[Chris gets off boat] C: I'm a kick ass explorer and I discovered this place! Native: but we already live here, dude
i didnt, this was the only dude i saw playing it
Lol I wouldnt mind but I've never spoke to the guy lol. The other dude was mad cause I said dj's dont play playlists
So high is fire dude I love the beat! Keep these dope tracks coming!!
Seventeen dude seventeen
Hahahaha dude it's the east
shoutout to the old navy check out dude who told me I was very beautiful
yeah dude the Beatles are my favorite 90s band next to Elvis Presley!
Thanks to for joining us at @HollywoodBowl! True musician and a funny dude.
okay dude!
dude you've been up since the future??
slay tha bitch dude
Oh my God, dude! He's not even resisting! This is horsecrap. - Me, realizing the deep roots of my redneck heritage, whil
dude, I worked on that show! Really love it!
Dude\'s obsession is on 100 " Sim Dope weak? Come on now let\'s not get Cassper g
Man it's a damn good day to be a white dude
This dude gets to sleep with his girl every night.... Ive done it once
The fuck am I looking at? Please tell me it's just a black dude trying to shove his head up someone's ass.
ughhhh so annoying this early in the morning who woulda thought. Okay dude did u see the gif where HARRY tries to hug lou
Why is this dude blowing his leaves at 8 am ! Go to sleep you don't know how good you have it !!!!
Fudge dude...
I'm the only dude you'll catch with one sock on and one sock off
this dude playin friday, only a fiver aswell
A dude on the subway just spilled his entire cup of coffee on me. New York City! Greatest city in the world!
DUDE SAME, MIDTERMS HUHUHU. SEND IT TO HER WHILE SHES ON A WIFI BUS ON THE WAY TO BAGUIO LOL
Hunchbacked dude. Quick color pass...
damn take a chill pill dude
DUDE THATS EXACTLY WHAT I WAS THINKING, and like you wont drown either its perfect
,#hot,#teen,#nsfw,#porn,#milf: Long Haired Dude Fucks Hard Shaved Pussy Of Sweet Looking Oriental Chick
Dude I'm so tired of my parents
*calling friend* Me - Dude I'm lost :/ Friend - okay, where are you? Me- IDFK I'M LOST!
Im working on myself, for myself, by myself
dude you're making me want to do one as well!
Same here dude
what potential my dude it's pouring lol
Asian Bj to black dude -
Well done dude
LOL DUDE REALLY AINT WASTING TIME
Dude is listening to Christmas music in the parking lot too soon man way too soon
the stuff he say bought black people and talk bout slavery stuff dude don't like it move back 2 Africa then jeez
hahah I was his first follower! Lol he's gonna be the wisest dude on Twitter always tweeting something inspirational
Dude at Walmart said this one will soon be taken down and replaced with a better one next
I fuckin hate that dude lol
YO I WANNA BE THAT DUDE
haha shut up, I suck dude
Relationship Goals in emoji
Omg these girls fuck this dude up. Guess the old saying about hell and women is true...
People are sleeping on Asid.. Dude's beats are FIRE nje, no matter who he works with.. His productions is up there, yo @
Dude why diana then olivia when is Gianne coming out one d wheeeeeeeennnnn
if she's still texting calling your dude, it's because he's still replying.
the teacher just went over to tbe clock to touch his balls dude wtf
dude I'm enjoying this this is fucking hilarious
Happy birthday to the coolest dude he is winning in life
Dang bros Obelisk Authority is the bomb dude. Plz go sub if you haven't yet!!! DM me proof for shout out
Dude played on their intellect.
catch me on christmas with this lil dude
"..a material bitch gold digging for them tender dicks a real dude will never give you shit, bitch." - trick daddy
oh dude, that is SO SAD? I am so sorry. the worst season. the worst finale of a show maybe ever.
This dude called Michael stole my seat in history today I was not impressed
you definitely smashed Envy's ex or something. Dude had attitude with you during the whole interview lol
Toilet tissue fail (Vine by @MelvinGregg)
Dude in a Kurt Cobain shirt says he\'s "on his 90s shit"
Dude should perform then. Smh
Found jesus in gta... I always thought he was kind of a dick... but he's actually a pretty chill dude
dude yeahhhh. Me and my friendss are getting a hotel if you wanna stay w is
Gone fuck around and get dude hurt
dude I'll find him/her for you
dude.. get absolutely FUCKED
well guess what, dude, thanks reforms H supports, its already in law now....
Dude like, how do spooky scary skeletons send shivers down your SPINE when they... are the ones that... Skeletons have spines
mixtape dude
Either i missed my ride or this dude hella late
dude why don't you go on B+P anymore lol ;( updated for your new account! enjoy! :)
this dude wont fuckin leave me alone
Bitter butter dude
tried telling y'all about dude earlier this year Bryson Tiller_Exchange
right not even givin a fuck who win
WHAT A FLOP ughhhh GO HIT SOME BALLS BACK IN BASEL DUDE
Big boobs redhead amateur sucks and railed in the pawnshop - Mature bbw slut sucks muscle dude part threesome matu...
he's an attorney. Dude has $$
Dude y'all flame The Flame but for real he good
Which are you?? #breastcancer #NoBraDay
BUT WHAT IS SEUNGHYUN DOING THERE. I MEAN. SERIOUSLY. DUDE. YO.
dude's been tested in Ekiti as govn.Wat did he do?
dude thinks defense spending isn't hurting the economy at all... dude... do u have any idea how much money is spent on the military
Stevie Wonder is getting a divorce. You gotta be doing a lot of shit wrong for a dude who's never seen you, to never want t
So dude, how's the presidential candidates fucking you right nao?
whaaaaat? Lol look atchyu!! Haha congrats my dude lol
he is one of my favorite train wrecks, would love to party with that dude
you've been the homie since I could remember. You have the biggest heart and you're a cool ass dude, I still hate u for running me over
everyone follow this dude! He's pretty dope
Half these bitches just had kids cause they thought it was gone keep the dude around and make him be with her... Naw boo, this is 2015!
Carnegie was a good dude!!
dude what were u doing on macs facebook haha
I was stuck on mccowan for an extra year because the dude in front of me likes to keep two car lengths in front of him.
happy birthday @IrvingPena_! miss you lots dude, lets catch up and get some carne asada fries soon
yep. Just me and u dude
Dude yasss to my parents for bringing home Proa
. Ohh that's a good idea. Yea still playing around w/ Tableau and looking for other data sets. Thanks!
(O_O) I'm just an average Dude who married n2 ur family. I don't want this filth palace.
Dat dude is like 100yrs old,free him" but these guys didn\'t ask Audu Ogbe questions na"
where is from? He's the worst sports fan ever. Cowboys and Mets? Dude, that is so pathetic.
202 MpH = 325 KMpH. the new edge. im fast enough dude!
come to NC and come to the fair dude
just rest dude
its like 12 against 4 the dude needs to stop
Dude what happened to Federer?
He needs to b signed Damn. Bruhh.. this dude killed this Hotline Bling Cover
cheers dude
sadlife no dude?
..dude said I look like the old Janet Jackson
dude this shit aint the same
That,it's true!I seek to black soft cuddly dude between 28 and 45 years,for followed relationship
dude let's not make this a big deal!!! But in all honesty!!! How does that boob make any sense!!!!! Please!!!
DM dude
I care, but I'm done trying.
Hi dude lol hi pre
My dude went in... Read B. Verses
it's Declan's first birthday today happy birthday little dude
This cool dude is ready for picture day! Haha #hesaham
I'm doing well dude. How are you doing?
that dude just blew me I don't want you touching me
When will girls realize that being a slut is the reason you can't find a good guy. No dude wants some beat up roast beef
Thanks dude, would like to use twitter hereafter
"Tiny micro-penis," time for a vacation? A long one, please. Stop. Get a grip, dude.
You have Bojo there with you? Back to the wall, dude.
There's seriously a state trooper shooting radar on Burbank at 7 AM. This dude really wants to get a head start on ruining your day.
The person who makes you happiest is the person who can hurt you the most.
Why did you guys suspend @dub? Dude can't chill for 9 years and come back?
That's why I don't have any kids tho... Because I'm more focused on getting some money than I am about what a dude is out here doing
Now let's talk about this dude running his mouth back to his brother. If there was a problem or issue let me know I'm paying you
my dude, it's dope but for I actually prefer from home. The angles, commentary, yellow line lol
He's in The Hobbit as well as the bear-dude, but is half bear lots of the time. But topless. It's confusing ;)
Leo, mate, they will never give you an Oscar. just accept it dude.
dude we're in 2015 pls start to accept and respect each other's ship already
dude I hate when someone ignores me but they be on social media!!
dude! you ever coming back or??miss you
shut it
a hot dude then
The only person that will understand his stance on agriculture in the senate is Bukola Saraki. Dude did well with agric in Kwara back then
Still won't slander dude though. He's by far our best option st QB. And I still believe he can help us win ten games this year.
You look like exactly the kind of #dude we want on our site. What is the last item you bought online?
"I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America and to the DEMOCRACY for which it stands...
no bra day dude
YOOOOO BUT TODAY IS MY BEST FRANDS 18th BIHDAYYYYY I LOVE U SO MUCHHH DUDE THANKS FOR CHANGING MY LIFE
Lmao this dude wins
Eish dude sisonke " as soon as i cum, i come to my senses."
Happy birthday my dude @NBruemmel
#MentalHealth in the #Workplace - a #Webinar #CDNdiversity Join us this December!
Wtf dude I packed Iggy in my first pack
dude. It's just banter not that deep
midterm is the half of school dude
Happy Birthday to the craziest dude out there!
I think Marks "Hold On" is such a beautiful and underrated song!!! #Beautifulworld
Dude\'s obsession is on 100 " Sim Dope weak? Come on now let\'s not get Cassper get high like this."
~loss of a friendship. And constant badgering for another round. So finally I was all "dude, no go. I didn\'t orgasm, plus FRIENDZONE".
If you don't make it and need someone 2 push, I'm ur dude! can vouch 4 me! ##BOOM #ithinkicanmakeit
I think you're looking pretty stylish, dude!
dude I'm free all day everyday
Happy #NoBraDay everyone :) #picoftheday
wrong it's being funded, dude and u know it, infrastructure? ur kidding right? I thought Obama spent
Happy 18th dude, party hard @TuckerNick2016
dude, they made this to mainly fund Jojo.
I DON'T GET WHAT YOU ARE TALKING ABOUT DUDE
Dude in my class trying to tell me San Fran better than Dallas LOL foh #CowboysNation
Let's talk about the lies you tell lets talk about how i was slaying
You a side bihh
*proposes to the guy i like* *he says no* chill dude it's just a social experiment, the camera's right there
forgot.. Showwie! Heading home now.. Will talk to you once I reach.. Been super distracted dude..
Hey little dude
Congratulations dude
"I never believed in Santa Claus because I knew no white dude would come into my neighborhood after dark." -Dick Gregory #quote
Man pulls gun on thug: Dude's lady sounds wise and confident in the Lord. God Bless.
dude I think I'll just drop out of school. It's really not for me fam
Dude this is hilarious i couldnt stop laughing , btw goodmorning
This what happens when my dude upsets me at 5AM.
reasonable.
Hey there @GregHuntMP, dude you cant eat #coal and that's why my friend you must overturn approval for #Shenhua #Liverp
I spy an old dude in Barcelona rockin the Cubs hat
dude are u going to sneeze
Happy Birthday to the livest dude i know love you g
. is a good dude
I Want Some Banging Ass Rough Sex
I have a lecturer who everyone sees as a genuis cause of his "Mouth". The only program the dude could write is "HELLO WORLD" Talk is Cheap
Belated happy birthday, haba baba hahahha see you soon dude :)
Whatever dude you have a small penis
Dude I really wanna learn how to do an aerial and a backflip but then again, I'm not exactly the most physically fit person out there.
MY NIGGA Thank you dude:) very much appreciate it
dude you gave away your bstf like that dont tell me you regret bcs if you do then youre full of shit istg
dude chill I found the picture on Google
Read This Book #6807 The Dude Magazine1/58 Brigitte Bardot Gwen Verdon Gus Thorner
Just posted a new episode on Podomatic: Mac N' Cheese Dude Take Deux
Dude I had forgotten about this
dude, some of the food you retweet can only very tenuously be called food at all! XD
Dude...seriously?
don't scare the dude
School drama really dead af dude yall can stop including me in tht shit
Just watch the whole thingnigga really put dude to sleep!
dude charge~ XD
W T F Dude :O Nice try :D
Dude. ..nvm
Some best friend I have hahaha fuck this dude
chills dude someone make this girl famous
This American Bully is so beautiful dude
dude come to my eighteenth birthday next year... And wear PJs. It's a slumber party. #EMABiggestFansJustinBieber
my dude. What a game
Yeah, like that one dude who broke out of prison with a bar of soap carved to look like a gun
Dude, I always look forward to your videos
I love this dude.
dude rlly gone
Lmfao wtf is wrong with this dude....i dont even know him like that he just came up to me and started talking
When you wake up and #NoBraDay is trending:
Dude. I know. I'mma let it go. I'm being so ta'e about it rn
Sunshine, , dude she's a sunset, real #FUGLY
Writer is American. I notice that Pearl Harbour was mentioned in the article. Dude still sounds mad about it.
Someone just tried to ask him did you watch the flyers game last night and he immediately replied with hockey's not a real sport dude
Oomf look good
IM SO STOKED ABOUT IT dude this is a preview of the packaging (boxes). LIL HANDS.
(what else is New?) ... Oh gosh yeah i saw the tweet ... I can't with Emma's face dude .. I just can't
100 days 100 nights I gotta get my money right
Vick ain't Vick anymore. Dude can't read a defense, isn't accurate. He sucked for 3.5 quarters.
coup d'etat is a bangin dance track dude,accordin 2 u(k9) it means takin over d game(i believe u guy),keep
damn dude hope you get what you need soon
no dude that's admiration!! Ano ba Co!!!
happy birthday dude miss your crazy ass love you
yeah dude. Not a fan of this.
Dude, RP is RP. Which, cool. ( will understand when I say I'm talking about relationships)
This dude is hilarious.
the dude who who never sign Grimaldo or GOOD la masia player
Want a mustang
the most feared player in the NCAA. Dude gets held every play
This Dude Got The Worst Communication Skills Ever Iann Got Time For It.
dude, my phone died.
Aaaaahhh bummer, maybe the policy differs by region. I WISH I COULD HELP DUDE
this one dude watchs the sunrise on the beach and starts doing tai chi around 730 - 8 every morning. rocking a new windbreaker today too
My dude. What's next? Coke is gonna start making cars?
Dude!!!!
A dude retards to be able to make toast explode.
that is a cool puc. But ur a very funny cool dude.. #supporthumblecelebs
have sour grapes. It's like UF fans with Urban. Dude came and won. That can't be denied.
With every tweet, it becomes more apparent that your micro-dick is thinking for you. Sad little dude. @angryveteran66
a Nigerian dude to be specific
mason.... Really dude
Two more dude!! COME ON
Oh man, that #HaroldReynolds dude is still catching a lot of flack. I'll bet he wishes he was Canadian, he wouldn't catch an
Dude its like every month you are buying "that thing"
Dude looks like you :') but macam belum habis puberty
good attitude dude!
Dude why are the 6th graders at our lunch table?
dude this is too real right now
Awesome vid dude...thanks!! Need that Shaxx geezer to hurry up and deliver my f*****g bolt caster now...congra
Oooh, it's the dude who was hardcore flirting with Nick at bootcamp, I think.
Warframe is a game where you get stuck inside a pillar while a dude mocks you At least it has good tastes
skipped everyone for you real quick, I love you dude. I don't know what I'd do without you YOU'RE SO FUCKING AMAZING A
I look so gross dude
big difference between a dude that really loves u wants to build w/u a guy that stays around just so no other dude can ha
sorry to break it to u dude but WALANG FOREVER :)
#cowabunga #dude kel3383 Alfie and his hero Leonardo #birthday #card #gift #commissions welcome
"fucking wack" is you tryna get at a taken dude which is my best friends man how bout you gtfo sluts arent welcome
I will buy his autobiography. Love this dude! #PhilCollins #TheMan
Don't know why Cassper says AKA is no2 that dude is No5 #FillUpTheDome
Grumpy dead dude chillin on a bottle cap of ink. (Day 12 @inktober) #periscope #inktober #heathermahlerart
yo reading up on some of Tyler the Creator's controversies makes me love the dude even more
dude fuck yeah!!!!
dude unreal, I cried for the first time in a long time
Dude I could've like reached melaka already in 2 hrs
I miss you tons dude
THANK YOU, BUT half of the time I look like a dude when I bun my hair.
Guess I'll eat at McDonalds alone like a fat dude from Walmart :c
Happy birthday my dude!@miles_moore
Hahahahaha hate you dude it's been ruined
dude !! how could i forget you? I'm going to e-mail you something.
says this dude is a nice guy.....
come on dude go to school
Horngry
that's rad dude
Seriously dude, again? Anyone for #BBQ'd #husky tonight?
Nice! I am so glad I was wrong about dude dropping a double disc.
oh let it go already, I was hyper!! xD dude same, I made sini watch it with me.
Dude, it's preseason.
I've realized that whenever I'm at a show I go super dude mood and only say, dude, man, and hell yeah
Omfg this new boss dude is pissing me off so much
Old Babylonian dude, You Had One Job.
geneass dude
no worries dude! Things are pretty hectic on Xbox at the moment too. Lets postpone until next week.
One shouldn't stay more than 2 years in a relationship. That dude probably don't get you wet anymore. #WeDontFakeEmotionsHere
Suddenlink dude is outside whistling a very lively tune
Ok dude that tea is pink. What the hell is in it?
Awww hush nd get ready for school dude
In the ER, it\'s always "Some dude". Some dude has sent many a people to the ER with various injuries.
I tend to think of him as that dude who never found a place where he was happier than in the school he grew up in. Take that as you will.
last time fed faced this dude, he lost 3 games In 2012
he was like "nah I can\'t do that man he\'s a nice dude."
"Only reason I show up to math class is cuz the dude next to me always shows up stoned out of his mind it\'s funny as
Dude get a detention with me
Dude my power band actually helps me balance so much
Dude pretend you stole my phone and text her I like you
what a dude!!! #legend#campfavourite
Dude ass tried to put a crease in my shit
What is this dude doing!
Dude mrs. Allerton has some nice kicks on today too
you're a good tweeter dude. I like getting off work and seeing your tweets. Solid tweeter.
yeah probably gonna take a nap, idk, dude.
That's not ideal! Sorry to hear you're flu'ed up too dude! #Winterproblems
ROFLMFAO at these presidential candidates HAHAHAHAHAHAHA some dude said he will legalize the 4 seasons in the Philippines. Really nigga?
ik dude rt if you cry every time
Like bitch how you going to call the cops knowing your dude got a warrant and is selling dope
Dude's not dude anymore
Cuz he lives a few blocks from me. Kinda a whack dude.
DUDE mah heart the thought of it gives me chesties.
what is this dude?
Every dude ever
That dude bottom right. Whoever he is
dude I pay taxes as well and I don't want them to fund PP u pay for abortions, I don't want too
DUDE SAY HAPPY BIHDAY TO PLEA
dude he is a 70 year old man, take your fsu goggles off dumbass
Dude, please...
HAPPY BIHDAY TO THE REALEST FRENCH DUDE OF ALL TIME @Frenchboy1013
Thanks dude!! #habadu
He was so handsome. But he was only handsome. Only on that boundary where he doesn't even know how to earn money... okay, dude u can go
Dude this page is great
Dude, YOU define info as "that which has purpose", @SemiMooch
I was lookin at this dude IG this morning then fell back to sleep then he ended up being in my dream lol.
were your Santa hat dude. And don't forget your Holloween costume buddy, Chezpi will send her festive hw cust soon
This dude wants to monetise charitable clothing we give him! Andile Khumalo keeping it real. #EDConference2015
Lavrov looks like he needs some sleep, dude looks stressed out.
what's up dude? You still in the Navy?
So? U tweeted a pic claiming that it is from Saudi Arabia. U need to open Ur eyes dude!!
Happy Birthday Bro! Lets hoop soon dude
Fuck you dude
i'm like really weirded out gg are friends with this dude like...? how low are your standards
He meant nude ??????????????? This the phone I had the last time somebody sent me a dude
Happy Birthday, dude!
Some girls are just undateable dude
Annoyed by people who complain about free food. Dude, they are 2 of the best words! FREE and FOOD! How can it not be good?!
"First Officer Daigle reporting for duty"! Congrats to my handsome dude on a big day in the "I work
Come watch this dude play some dubs at
Thanks dude, I may take you up on that
Dude wtf. I would be pissed af Hahahaha
Omg dude check dis
Girls got this special power where they can look at a dude and tell he's unfaithful
#FactsOnly burned an l with a friend in my car, who then said Jay was most overrated he dint eff w him musically. I stop
OMG dude you cracked me up tonight!
Dude, you can't spell. You don't make sense. And you justify terror and murder of innocent ppl. Alikum Hasalam
i am so tired dude.
18 months old and dude shreds.
Hey dude ripping thru Cornwall in the big white truck blowing black smoke from your after market pipes..your excessive pollution isn't cool.
Sorry Japanese dude that I just beat with timer stall. Next time no minimize Chansey? K? K.
I don't understand this but I can imagine you doing this dude HAHAHAHA
bit like the dumb idea of falling tax credits eh!!!! FFS sort it out dude , put changes on new applicants?
Dude in the gym...It's ok to silent count your reps without sound effects. #ripped
Been hearing my mum argue for the last 3 hours. Like dude I want to go to sleep and you're not letting me. Go away
people called me "girl brad" but this proves you\'re just "dude julie"
I would be like fuck dude I have to run that shit today mad heads are in competition im just trying to maintain
That sucks some dude got his hopes up because he though he was getting some under armour at 8 am. Sorry dude.
yeah dude thank you Lord
this dude is the best lol have you seen the other vide he did there great
Am waiting for Senator Ben Bruces' first contribution in this Screening process...the dude been quiet all day.
lol. Why this lil dude play so much
*DOES A HARDCORE SMACK SMACKAGE SWAG YOLO DUDE*
yes sir that one! Whenever you are free dude I'll drop off the stuff this week
Jus cus ya dude follow another girl on Instagram don't mean he loves you any less
there are some women that are 10x worse than a dude
Hey there @GregHuntMP, dude you cant eat #coal and that's why my friend you must overturn approval for #Shenhua #LiverpoolPlains.>; @bencubby
My 3 - year old nephew cries like a real dude
This dude is back! Pumpkin pie cookie - pumpkin spice, toasted marshmallow, cornflake crisps,
[Dude]: ... and Lebowski, you know, he yelled at me a lot, but he didn't do anything, huh?
Earning over \x9c327,000-a-year, BBC TV chief Danny Cohen QUITS his job....ambitious Dude @andrewmuchina
dude really needs a wake up call gets the money he wants and now doesn't play like it he's worth it.
Dude doesn't understand personAL listening device very well. Or personal fucking space.
Dude, whoa. Nightmares.
I dunno but is a an awesome and nice dude who would be good to reach out to.
could you please unblock my other Twitter. It's been 8 months dude. And idk what I did. PLZZZZZ.
Let the Merriment begin! Your Holiday party is right around the corner. Let Food Dude Catering make the best ever. Dougthefooddude@gmail.com
DUDE GET OUT
This is one heck of an article Dude Thanks.
Hot Ebony Fine black dude hot #foreplay w Manpuppy #Fetish #XXX
could you please unblock my other Twitter. It's been 8 months dude. And idk what I did. PLZZZZZ. ignore for Keem.
Happy biryhday to my dude @Brandons_Ballin
Dude not now! Hold!
Favorite moment of last night's TX sales soiree? Watching sit up take notice when that sales dude started spinning yarns.
This dude was wildin
did you see the dude claiming communists are modelling themselves on *churchill*
lol dude whats your new number
*kisses your girlfriend* chill dude it's just a social experiment, the camera's right there.
The song where all dude says is basically the word big like gotta big house big car big things smoke big blunts is ignorant and terrible
I Just favorited ($DUDE)
been getting played by the same dude for years and assume shits gonna get better.
Dude. Never call me a Yankee. For real. #RabidSoxFan
A lucky dude gets both model and another teen hottie #bikini
dude this is so rad
they have an art district dude. I'm going to try and go to the art museum today to see what's up
dude has been an ass for a long time. Constantly tried to run down the university. He is a POS.
Bars were written by the rappers on the track, beat composed by another dude..but the track belongs to a certain Dj. How does it work kanty
shit dude I'm about to cry
ok dude when u do hmu :)
I care, dude. I care.
Kendrick Lamar on the Colbert Report... Holy balls can that dude rap
dude u need to go to one omg
Everything okay dude?!
dude don't throw the artifacts
dude the teacher accidentally said a cuss word today
This dude was blasting this on the street the other day and it put a little extra pep in my step...
I enjoy calling u by ur first and middle name and ur a rockin dude and I'm happy to be friends w the real mvp!!!!
look at this cute kawaii moe girl dude
So no one questions why there's a dude running around in a clown outfit? Like, at all? @MockingbirdMovie
Aerosmith - Dude (Looks Like a Lady) #nowplaying #listenlive
Dude... I tried to get 8 right after the comp and still no luck rip
dude I am supporting any govt who will provide free education till graduation and free healthcare
sweet dude looks awesome
s/o to boys who let other girls know when they have a gf. U're doing it right dude
dude wtf is happening here?
Ok this Ramos dude is playing well. I don't like him.
Holy dude
Holy freaking crappleburger, dude...this is amazing!!! What comic studio do you work for?
Tell me why there's some dude on the path wearing a muscle shirt and no jacket
. Sorry dude, the cops had dogs
U dnt stay wit a dude unless ur dishes are in his kitchen and vice versa
dude! Your tweets last night "crack" me up! #SayNoToCrack #NoLateNightMonsterForYou #SexyNinjaTurtleRightHere #LetsPillowFight
Dude sometimes I even put my windows down when it's 40\xf8.
dude, let it go. Netflix and chill will outlive all of us
Dude standing behind me in line is gonna be deaf before he hits 25 lol blasting French off the Rip so loud I feel like I'm in concert
Hi dude. how are you? you make me smile and believe in miracles if you follow me,I'll piss boiling water3.444
Hi dude. how are you? you make me smile and believe in miracles if you follow me,I'll piss boiling water3.443
Hi dude. how are you? you make me smile and believe in miracles if you follow me,I'll piss boiling water3.442
Hi dude. how are you? you make me smile and believe in miracles if you follow me,I'll piss boiling water3.441
Hi dude. how are you? you make me smile and believe in miracles if you follow me,I'll piss boiling water3.440
Hi dude. how are you? you make me smile and believe in miracles if you follow me,I'll piss boiling water3.439
Hi dude. how are you? you make me smile and believe in miracles if you follow me,I'll piss boiling water3.438
Hi dude. how are you? you make me smile and believe in miracles if you follow me,I'll piss boiling water3.437
Hi dude. how are you? you make me smile and believe in miracles if you follow me,I'll piss boiling water3.436
Hi dude. how are you? you make me smile and believe in miracles if you follow me,I'll piss boiling water3.435
Hi dude. how are you? you make me smile and believe in miracles if you follow me,I'll piss boiling water3.434
Hi dude. how are you? you make me smile and believe in miracles if you follow me,I'll piss boiling water3.433
Hi dude. how are you? you make me smile and believe in miracles if you follow me,I'll piss boiling water3.432
Hi dude. how are you? you make me smile and believe in miracles if you follow me,I'll piss boiling water3.431
Hi dude. how are you? you make me smile and believe in miracles if you follow me,I'll piss boiling water3.430
Hi dude. how are you? you make me smile and believe in miracles if you follow me,I'll piss boiling water3.429
Hi dude. how are you? you make me smile and believe in miracles if you follow me,I'll piss boiling water3.428
Hi dude. how are you? you make me smile and believe in miracles if you follow me,I'll piss boiling water3.427
Hi dude. how are you? you make me smile and believe in miracles if you follow me,I'll piss boiling water3.426
Hi dude. how are you? you make me smile and believe in miracles if you follow me,I'll piss boiling water3.425
Hi dude. how are you? you make me smile and believe in miracles if you follow me,I'll piss boiling water3.424
Hi dude. how are you? you make me smile and believe in miracles if you follow me,I'll piss boiling water3.423
Hi dude. how are you? you make me smile and believe in miracles if you follow me,I'll piss boiling water3.422
Hi dude. how are you? you make me smile and believe in miracles if you follow me,I'll piss boiling water3.421
Hi dude. how are you? you make me smile and believe in miracles if you follow me,I'll piss boiling water3.420
Hi dude. how are you? you make me smile and believe in miracles if you follow me,I'll piss boiling water3.419
Hi dude. how are you? you make me smile and believe in miracles if you follow me,I'll piss boiling water3.418
Hi dude. how are you? you make me smile and believe in miracles if you follow me,I'll piss boiling water3.417
Hi dude. how are you? you make me smile and believe in miracles if you follow me,I'll piss boiling water3.416
Hi dude. how are you? you make me smile and believe in miracles if you follow me,I'll piss boiling water3.415
Hi dude. how are you? you make me smile and believe in miracles if you follow me,I'll piss boiling water3.414
Hi dude. how are you? you make me smile and believe in miracles if you follow me,I'll piss boiling water3.413
Hi dude. how are you? you make me smile and believe in miracles if you follow me,I'll piss boiling water3.412
Surely I didn't see that was on Twitter at 5AM bickering with fans again. C'mon, dude. Give it up.
omfg dude boy son child #got72ndwin
Happy birthday dude @ChrisDunne12
dude it's just $2.50
Hell yeah deff let me kno dude fr
Dude looks like a hammerhead shark
GORGEOUS WOMAN: I think our flaws are what make us beautiful EVERYONE: wow so deep UGLY GIRL: Yeah I think so too EVERYONE: Dude stfu
aw jeez ily dude. You're so sweet
"There\'s more to a person than just the surface..." coming from the dude that just wanna fuck. #ItWasNeverRealiBet
daeil of 24k was super excited when they were announcing points, he was excitedly hitting a got7 member like DUDE DUUUUUDE
Dude wtf was on that snap
Dude I have rode by like 49 dead raccoons
Why you concerned with today? I fee really good. Dude is on short rest.
Hey dude.
This dude is the reason to watch Jeopardy.
Not to mention that those things are tough! Saw a vid of one dude getting out of snow with no problems while others were stuck
this lofty2208 dude is still here smh
awsome dude
loool dude the whole US is only in power for 200 years. 100 were not productive
get well soon dude :)
chill dude !
i hope i could make some memories with you dude
This dude just got his car covered in coffee lol sucks to be a douche
I can smell the 4K pineapple blunts on this dude
huhu u're welcome . HB ! may Allah bless you dude
Kinky Blonde Teen Dani Desire Pounded By Stranger Dude -
Blasting music at 9 o clock! Like dude it's sleepy time
*GOD looks in mirror sees a DOG* "Holy shit RACECAR I\'m trippin\' balls" *RACECAR looks in mirror sees himself* "Dude
smh. He's such a dude
Dude re-read the story. he is alleged to have known the blackmailer
Packed train and the conductor is checking tickets? Dude...
the second is the dude who decided to make TV commercials 10x louder than the actual programming
these are people who clearly know nothing about Hugh Hefner past "dude who created Playboy"
Good luck little dude!
Dude last nite was like what do U want? I said house keys, he was like , im okay with that , U wana leave go smoke at the house???
When that junkie dude gets raped by a ghost with a sharp dildo...Yea I didn't need that in my life!
You just showed ur anger without more reliable argumentation. Our level is different, dude!
hmu dude
Talk? Duh. As if we can, dude.
It's my whole heart birthday !! happy birthday bestfriend love you dude . These toe up ass pictures
dude he's amazing
My Dude! Nafeesa Greer @gebowucyniv. Iron Man Collectibles just waitin to be added to your collection
That dude just throwing himself , and number 82 won't get up
DO IT DUDE. my bro got like $150 for all his stuff because people wanted the dux's shiz
dude @ArianaGrande
Dude - I totally did not know he was still playing!! Wow!
happy birthday fish! hope you have a good one dude!
maaaaaaaan! If I had remembered that the #DemocraticDebate was on tonight, I wouldn't have agreed to the headband dude movie
Tony is soooo naughty dude really bae the hills
lol dude that movie was the shit
dude I'm gonna be 20
count me in dude #EMABiggestFansJustinBieber
Dude i knw its for shippers..but dnt u think there's no feels at all..anyway mute
Hbd to this dude
Just saw some guy blowing o's down the highway you go dude
Great pants.
A Githurai commuting mat wouldn't be complete with dude on deck... #ParadisoGang
I need a horny af black dude to kik me. Pink_angelan
right, a fictional character portraying a disabled dude with a sub par life.
Dude don't do this to me. I love Hugh Jackman noooooooo /sobs
Anybody would be so lucky to have that kind of dude haaay
Send me photos of your scenes you like... #DamonSalvatore #Tvd this dude will get them
awesome dude. Thats awesome. Definitely do some stuff together.
HBD to my bff since 1st grade! i miss you dude!!
Love this song!! Hahahahaha thanks to you dude
dude this is fake ass
what what would happen to these so Prestitites when Modiji will retire from politics. They will go mad with no one to blame..
Oil Glut to Stay in 2016 as IEA Sees Slower Demand Growth via @business
What are you saying dude all I said is that I was cool with you ...but you were honestly acting childish
deserves attention 24/7 omgg
Mayo! Did someone call classy ku curate? Lol twafwa dude done created a monster lol
This Yazz dude keep working w/ Tim I might have to keep listening.
Here we go lmao if you hate asking the dude you're fuckin for money
Dude in the elevator was just all in my phone
One of my best dude friend's never healed and now whenever you poke his boob, it oozes. It's GREAT.
[lying on deathbed] [family cry out] sampai ketemu disana [dude slowly whisper] "di sana"
this dude at school is obsessed i stg, as soon as i switch my phone on he messages nonstop, and when i don't reply he spams me on snapchat
Just be always a positive dude
Congrats Tim! You said it right, each finalist is a badass dude; awesome working with you all!
I can hear this dude in the alley talking on his phone so clearly. Why you gotta yell this early?
dude im didnt watch!!! waiting for hello flora to upload
good luck dude!!!
always yes my dude
Oh you won't wake up when I take your life (Rick Grimes VS Grumpy Cat!)
dude delete this. im fat as fuck
LIVE on #YouNow - awesome dude
cool dude, so awesome
like a dude dressed as chucky jumped out at us and i literally went "LEAVE US THE FUCK ALONE" and went out the fire exit
So this turned up today! Thanks for the support sandmac67 it means a lot dude! I've just stuck yours
I'm happy to give you as much support as possible from Australia, we love you dude!
dude dont do pots if anything use csgo lounge and bet on teams
just click that follow button dude!
I PLAY THE CELLO awesome what is it A SONG no dude it's like a giant violin
VIDEO Dude Exits Car Crash Like A Boss
hey dude! On your current rank at the end of the season
If a dude says he doesn\'t notice a chick\'s footwear, he\'s lying. Because if she has on Chinese slippers, he\'ll be "what are those\'n" her.
Lol would you fart for ur dude if he liked it?
DUDE:)))
i would never stay with a dude that's fucking me over nonstop
Clubbing in Mumbai, but cant find that dude with the guest list? Now, all you need is this app, not the guy
Happy birthday to my dude
Dude fucks with whore and... #Amateur #Brunette #Couple
dude...ya dont understand...if you only knew!!
thanks dude X
Good Morning!! Prayers to you lovely lady.
the "eddie wow" dude who filed for presidential candidacy probably took notes from "deez nuts"
HAPPY BIHDAY DUDE I FUKIN LOVE YOU I MISS YOU SO MUCH HAVE A GREAT DAY
dude you have to teach me how to use Twitter...I've had this for the longest time now I still mess up
WTF DUDE?!? WTF??,
lol ijs dude is horrible
Wit you dude.. Adit Ngehek's (with Aditya at Central Park) [pic]
happy birthday to this beaut sorry but I got a new phone and I don't have the pics of us ///: but ILY DUDE
dude I'm always up for a nandos #cheeky #topbants
Arey dude, thanks a lot Stay blessed
Checked out the Imperial City today bummer it was raining but this dude didn't let that ge
dude, me too! Like, 5 tacos.
Lol yep" Best I\'ve seen all day" Not Bad" #NoBraDay #Predicta
s/o to the dude on the orange line w mirrored aviators and a blunt hanging out of his mouth
dude be blowing it !
My car better be ready today dude said Monday
dude. Learn the meaning of atheist then come back....
fucking roastable dude lmao
DUDE YUCK NOOOOO!!
DUDE ALYSSA " Who\'s gonna be the hottest celebrity romance?
Bruh yesss dude
Dude...we'd TOTALLY love to see #BreakingBad as a villain in the next movie
ily2 dude. We live right across from each other so just come over whenever
What the fuck is with this rash desicion making all around me? Like a fucking dog?! Who will be taking care of it for ever? My dude not you.
makes a dude wanna curl up and go back to bed
CRAZY EX GF SENDS HARASSING TEXTSBUT DUDE SHUTS HER DOWN QUICKLY!!
Good Morning!!
My uncle was an Agric extension worker. Dude had passion for animal rearing. Thank God for plan Bs.
Twitpic" Bwahaha" No, u want her to hold it with her hands?" #NoBraDay for cossy too?"""
Dude its still in early alpha
Is The BEST Db I've Ever Seen Yo. Dude Really Is Amazing ! Hargreaves Island . Salute #FavoritePlayer #GoGators
Mornin' #TugTuesday #tuglife
dude! You're freaking talented and funny! It was awesome! You earned a subz ;)
This dude who jus called into the breakfast club tho
dude I forgot whatever the teacher thought us in science class and we've got assignments, fuck my life
His ass look like dude off house of payne
Dude: I'll run your ass in cod Cairo: bet...
DUDE THAT'S EPIC!!
LMAO THIS DUDE DOES WHATEVER HE WANTS
pls wear bra wai. I mean the foam pad som. Ego help u . Good day
Listening in to the dude, bitch I know more than you #Shutup
dude like maybe 3 balls to be precise
Good dude you know I love you like cook food
The Tosin that I know ehn" She prolly has small boobs" Tosin I trust u" -__-" Tell them"
A dude with a main and side chic with different menstrual cycle timing should be employed in the Ministry of Planning and Coordi
DUDE HE KILLED IT
Dude I still jam to most of these
Just don't send me no pink meat crazy YT dude snapped me bs yesterday
And they're like, dude I'm not going 2 do anything that I have, like, nuclear power, like a mime, let the story begin.
People wonder how I'm making money... Here you go. I'm that dude at Fantasy Football
la white dude tryna finger this la'hoe in class
I don't like this sub. This dude is boring as fuck
chilled back dude
All these fuckin empty seats like really dude...really
As they were driving Frank decided to feed the dog but for some reason he couldn\'t find him "...Dude, where is the dog?"
Kendrick talkin about South African history so much on this album and then he says "I know what the Germans done" dude stumbled upon Namibia
Good Morning!! Hope you have a wonderful day lovely lady.
Dude don't turn on your turn signal when you're already halfway through changing lanes
thanks dude! Its gonna be lit
Literally no fucken sleep dude
A lucky dude gets both model and her friend sharing exhibitionist
thanks dude! #ChaletGang
Yea, U not gon see me 4 #6monthz if I do that , ima a house wife . I ain't gon never come outside again if it's a dude in the house
dude get a life. quit being a little girl. if someone wants to sit down they will, he is giving others space
dude get off my nuts already
just watched it with the fam. So good dude. You guys killed it!
this dude told me he's done anal why
This dude thinks he's the cutest light skin when we all know he looks like a fucking alpaca
I think it's cute how girls wait on a dude that'll never leave you alone
Dude Bro Party Massacre III
dude listen to Jack and Jack for the love of God,you can rap like Jack Johnson and I sing like Jack gilins
Senators I'm seeing don't appear brilliant at all.A body of brilliant senators would have made Fayemi uncomfortable.Dude was too in control
LOOL this dude has a problem
Dude I have every right to call you a stalker if you're outside of my workplace after I get off............................................
what the fuck are you doing, dude?
Good Morning!
I heard its amazing dude, your landlord will understand.
Dude, Iunno what you're complaining about. That sounds AWESOME.
This dude's coffee smells so good
Where all the faithful bad females that want only ONE dude? they don't exist at #CCU smh lol
Dude..I'm a fein for lace..let something come walking thru that door frame with some boy shorts on with lace..bihhhhhhhh getcho ass ova here
dude so fake son.
you're the best dude !
Is "throwback Tuesday" a thing? Whatever. Here\'s The Dude being The Dude at Butlins.
kfb dear
have you seen his tattoo's? they say that dude is good... messy crap
The Breakdown: Arsenal's season so far: Adrian Clarke reflects on the first eight games of the Premier League ...
Shout out to Shawn Elliott. I went to an OL camp with him at App State when I was in HS. Heck of a coach and a great dude.
ROAD to BERLIN with WE BUTTER THE BREAD WITH BUTTER dude
oh dude, it was so much fun!
Mad! Why these people wanna die so much? Next Adventure, hey Brandon let's camp beside an active volcano dude
dude gonna need the illest barber in deltona
dUdE SECOND WIN !!!!!!!
Good luck dude. Take it calm and easy!
Awu hle dudu nono " dude this other guy from our Sdasm died, drowned kwi pool so they say its so sad"
Dude said "maybe" Yk you do
this dude is so clueless lmao
DUDE there's always something that holds me back minutes from leaving for school and I manage to be late by one fucking minute omg
I hope it rains so hard dude.
the dude that was in front of us was driving really slow and he also had a car full of onions
Played with some purple #latex today. Very purpley #dude #catsuit #rubber
dude I don't blame you
positive mindset my dude
GOTTA PUT THE TEAM ON MY BACK DUDE
Those people that follow, unfollow, then follow me again on Insta like dude I'm not following you back I'm sarry. \xee\\_(
dude, I'm so damn exhausted
HAPPPY BIHDAY SHRAYA LOVE YOU SM DUDE @shrayapandey
Woah! dude that's awesome! congratulations :)
dude my bad I typed what I was thinking. I meant have a great trip.
Ma dude 18 and act like he 12
want my follow back dude
fob but she hangs with them she's a hardcore lad's gf hahaha. My phone was from a Leb dude tho lmfao. Hard out hectic as lmao
thanks dude most of it is down to weathering powders
Then the lady left and the dude was like "Wow that deep conversation really took me by surprise" hahahahaha
I figured Tellin yall about me moving in with dude , would motivate you
dude ugly fr
Thanks to my top interactors! #tweetjukebox via
u just answered your own question dude
dude you da one
Make today your bitch dude!
dude! It's on Monday 10/19 lol
dude honestly "not all my tweets are about you" but cute of u to think it iss:)
like dnt fr dude man nn imma sucks at it omai huhu
Big-Titted Milf Jerks Off A Young Dude #porn #cumshot #sex #bl
Heyya Dude! Just wanted to say Congrats on 5,555 (ik I'm late but IDC) You've always been my fave and always will be! &lt;3
dude short hair feels so good
i know dude. No need to remind me
Tattooed blonde asian #tranny takes a big dick and facials a young dude #tattooed
Cant pull one over on us, Senran Kagura dude.
where is this dude though anyone seen him recently?!...curious #WhereIsYericko
thanks dude AND For my birthday I want you to dance like you've never danced before Break a leg tonigh
Yes two of us" Braless pix 4 braless pix... Anyone???"
[This] dude I call King Kong he had a big [raas] dick and a hurricane tongue
Thanks dude, I appreciate it
A lucky dude gets both mowdel and her friend playing webcamgirl #sex #xxx
Dude if u don't like it...then plz ignore....its for PaNishippers only... U can mute me if u want to...
Smh dude almost lost his life this morning fucking with me video cameras change a nigga mind real fast nigga 6'7...
Hey dude I hate everything you do But I'm trying really hard to not hate you Hating you won't make you suck any less
this dude ugly af
I love u more dev thankyou dude
sorry dude I don't see the connection but I don't agree with abuse of any kind fyi
It is the mystery on everyone's mind. How did the main dude survive and why was he the only one? Did they die so he could live?
Dude. You have NO IDEA how stressful it is when you forget the second half of your pump'n'dump wealth mgmt strategy. SRSLY.
This dude was confused when he found out that he fucked his girlfriend's twin sister #porn #NSFW #tube
Happy birthday my dude!!!!
text me dude !
hot and heavy dude.....
dude i woke up and i had you blocked omg
auschild - Dudes pure evil.
Friends with dude exes? Nah fuck dem hoes
DUDE H3H3 IS THE BEST
happy bday to my man !! much love dude, thank you for still being the only person that was convinced Sam\'s "S
dude this other guy from our Sdasm died, drowned kwi pool so they say its so sad
HAHAHAHA it was your idea dude!! :p
he's the same guy from last year at the Royals playoffs games. Just a rich dude who loves his playoff baseball I guess
Activate ejector seat. (Via
tsk tsk bastos!! Hahaha it's ayts dude I'm not sure I can on Fri I have a shit ton of stuff to do for Sat pero I'll try
cool dude :)
This dude just upgraded his sled. (Photo credit: Jeff G.)
Dude, ur still using distortion. #Fail : Hear #Metallica, #Pantera and #Slayer Songs Played w/o #Distortion
So I threw a party last night this dude showed up. No invite. Still hanging around this morning too. Bears, man.
DUDE I JUST KNOCKED OUT IN FIRST PERIOD
Lustful And Blonde Kiera Gets Spotted And Fucked By Dude #blonde #dude
Lol I Don't Know Any Bums From Alex...Dude If U Want To Cross Evaluate N Reference Izanendaba Str8 Ngazongistalker La #BloodyBum...
I was gonna sleep in this morning but there's some dude on my roof making a shit ton of noise
:d " Tosin I trust u" -__-" Tell them" NoBraDay is not for some of us"""""""
I Feel Sick To My Stomach Dude ,
BE SAFE!" Same here. Dude tweets that my assassination would make his timeline crazy. No consequences.
i know the feeling :( feeling exhausted .. try and soldier it out dude
*has to play satellite in a sport * "Fuck dude we have to play satty next week... I heard they\'re 3-0 in twitter fights"
happy bday to my man !! much love dude, thank you for still being the only person that was convinced Sam\'s "S" was manual
Dude. Remember #minimuffins?
u made the path for these dude out here yo..THEY WALKING YO TRAIL!!!
Meanwhile in Russia. (Via
hopefully that dude wasn't so rude and offered to dry clean your fresh cup of coffee.
says the dude who takes selfie with celebrities
i fucking love santi dude
- my dude, we've got close over the last week or so
dude this is my favorite rap shit of the year. GREAT work.
dude same. I'm 60% turkey. That's 50% more than average
You have to be careful of what you hear about a girl. Rumors either come from a dude who cant get her or a girl who cant
Happy birthday to my dude hope it's a good one man
IF TEXAS INSTRUMENTS HAD A SMA MARKETING DIRECTOR FOR THEIR CALCULATORS THIS DUDE WOULD BE THE FACE OF THE BRAND htt
dude we went running up stairs looking for his backpack saying he was going to be late.
SEE U DECEMBER FIRST DUDE!! I cant wait to finally hug you!!!
Bruh!!! This dude does not how to do simply addition to 100% !!!!! Smh Now I gotta do the lab all over again! Smfh
This dude snaps me selfies like everyday ..
nice dude!
I just ran a mile.. dude
Someone filed a COC for presidency since he wants to legalize the 4 seasons including winter. Wtfuck dude? Wtfuck.
But will forgive s dude that cheated 445657667 times! FOH
Me: dude I miss you Best friend: why you lyin Damn THIS IS WHY WE CANT HAVE NICE THINGS
Dude Harlino Alyssa Soebandono..my fav couple
hehe be patient dude
Not surprising. This dude will, from time to time, spout nutty Neo-Confederate stuff about Lincoln and the Civil War.
real freaking shit dude
dude i'm seriously so hungry i can rob the whole McDonald's restaurant
I'm all for weird. Shit, I'm a dude who claims to be a pug, I think it shows that I generally throw in with weird.
SAME DUDE SAME
Shit\'s bad " LOL Dude like time flies I feel so old when a 1999 person adds me on facebook s
Why am I following fucking random people? Did someone hack my account? Seriously? WHAT THE FUCK DUDE.
Yall don't be peeping the dude frfr... My dude is best dressed celebrity
Like, dude, if these two supercunts hadn't lied and gotten me banned from where I used to write, I wouldn't be so bitter. @TeamSXSH
lmao. I saw your tweet and clicked on your page. The JT dude. I'll explain later.
4 years ago at this time, Herman Cane was the GOP front runner. Remember this dude? He wanted to get rid of our...
totally dude, totally
Lena dude asked her if she could send 600 she told him she ain't got that ctfu he stopped fwh she was in there crying
Will Ferrell is the funniest fucking dude
Just got asked if I had sky plus by some dude shouted back "no way you big spastic you\'re a mentalist" and ran off
There are times in life that we are all the dude running through the PDX airport in cargo pants and flip flops yelling at his son at 5:30 am
DUDE I JUMPED OFF MY COUCH WHEN I SAW HIM
He was walking around kicking signs just talking to himself. This dude is gone.
yeah...speedy recovery dude!
i hate spring dude, lame af
very well put together dude
dude I haven't even paid my tuition yet
I hate that particular guy who wants every GIRL to fall in love to him! gwapo mo dude.
The best revenge is happiness, because nothing drives people more crazy than seeing someone actually having a good life.
Dude were busy
Did anyone else notice that Weddle was tackled on that last play? Dude was laying on top of him. Totally prevented him fro
...Dude was fine w them lashing people when he moved there. Ijs.
I'm really just a different type of dude *shrugs* O well I accept it
Dude, I was talking about the past so why bother debating with it? And for the record, ikaw ba kausap ko? I don't think
Dude I'm fucking pissed
Dude can't stop laughing
dude.... Stop Hillary PAC is literally running an ad of Christopher Stevens grave on CNN
Dude i just want a bowl of mac n cheese rn
Listened to on yesterday. That dude really, really likes himself!
When u get the repo list your neighbor car is on there, but he a petty dude reported u to the HOA
nice work dude! follow back maybe got an opening for you as a gfx for a clan depending on talk in dm
lmfao dude I am dazed af, I only got 2 hours of sleep last night; I basically took a nap
happy birthday @_frankiemarrone!! miss you dude have an awesome day
My least favorite dude with a man bun is one wearing a Bernie Sanders t-shirt.
Frank is a crazy guy that many people don't even take serious. The dude tweets negative things to players too.
The dude who plays Escobar is brilliant
d dude doing your thing
How is a dude with 12 PhDs going to tell a 12 year old kid school isn't important
dude math switch math classes with me
Yall really lettin dude get away with calling himself champagne papi.....
This dude in class didn't like the joggers he had on so he pulled a second AND third pair out of his book bag then went and changed.
"Adopt then, dude. I\'m not saying that you should do /that/."
Holler at me later ill be Around dude.
dude once I start recording w/ Joseph I'm gonna blast my music in your face on a dailyyyyyyyy
Bible every dude kisses her on the forehead if he likes her
Where at to tell this dumbass to sit down. Same dude who ruined the Cavs finals making mental mistakes
DUDE IM SO PROUD OF HANNAH
And I'm totally wicked, dude!
OMF I GOT GOOSE BUMPS DUDE I LOVE THIS ONE SOOO MUCH AND I'M SOOOO PROUD OF YOOOOOOOOU
Dude calls himself a giant..
Girlfriend Facetimes Ex-Boyfriend While Blowing a Dude !
hi Daz yeah I'm ok dude glad to see the moss chops are coming back
daps to the dude next to me who recognized the Tool song blasting outta my car, shame on me for playing my music so loud this early.
Who's coming to see my dude at #streamconnyc??? Playing a live show and doing Meet
dude I think choice was limited. It's for India's strength and not his expertise
Just seen the name of your design team dude thats fucking sick! Eden Edenn?
Always be careful of what you hear about a girl. Rumors either come from a dude that can't get her or a girl who can't compe
Hahahaha! Missed that!
#GrammyWinningEffort kicked some serious ass man.. Chk out this dude he's a mean
same, dude. My eye is bright red so I decided to wear my glasses so "Amy" doesn\'t yell at me It\'s pretty scary looking.
that was indeed me! At first I was confused, though... xD was on my way into uni, dude!
dude I basically live at David's house this weekend wtf no you have to had seen me
Dude this is why I don't lend my stuff out I never get it back, fucking being nice to these fuck ass kids
A lucky dude gRets both model and her girlfriends
Im sitting at Columbus State in the parking lot and this dude starts trying to fight cstate police!
My dude is coming upstate to party and get silly.. Please please please tell me something is popin off this weekend.
good shit ma dude
when you turned a dude down so now he upset and tryna flex on you
Dude I love my boyfriends family so much.
I love Leonardo da Vincis last words. Dude was really effing hard on himself! I respect that.
damn dude why you gotta be so harsh to me...
wtf dude at that time europe fans are at school think about us ugh!!
Im sleepy dude
India is one of the leading country in those group ... #Proud
Hey girls! Sasa is having a sale for The Balm. Bought this Nude Dude pallete for rm80 (np rm155)
dude me either I'm laughing so hard Emely is probably asleep
This dude is off the reg though.
dude, your tracks for FF7 are amazing! Under the rotting shinra &lt;3 &lt;3
tekzenmusic: Finishing up the next album #purpose with my dude @justinbieber. #EMABiggestFansJustinBieber
I'm fucking dying this dude has 0 chill. via @YouTube
dUDE I SWEA R THIS IS EMBARRASSING TO ANSWER BC THEY PUT "FEEL FREE TO LIST EVERYTHING DOWN" IM LIK E FRI KC
Dude these tumblr girls make me feel hella insecure lmao
LOOOL... [Ogbeh forgot to add that Nigerian goats consume more yam per capita than any other species of goats in the worl
Haha some random dude came to sit by me on the bus and he smells like weed. He's so highhhhh like gimmeeee some of what you're on
It's always awesome seeing you, dude. Safe travels.
I hope for your sake they don't bring Total Life as support this time. It's just a dude who plays 1 keyboard note for 45 min.
Dude..."Story of My Life" by 1D is an awesome song can\'t stop listening to it.
seriously dude?
nobody cared
this hoe getting a full work up on dude
ugh dude. January 1st is my birthday!!! You have to celebrate w me
its fine dude, everyone knows you guys just joined on the train back in 2012
This is what I call "something to talk about". #NewsWorthy Lupe has always cared. Diff kinda dude.
cheers dude... Just need to finish it!
That shitty dude called for gas again
Go for walks dude. Get the juices flowing. In other words exercise...but I hate that word lol baby steps 1st
Holy shit dude! :O
Am I wrong for thinking it's rare to meet a fat dude that's not funny ? Lol
Hate slow texters
Would u fart for ur dude if he liked?
what the fuck dude just shut up lol
Black girls stay winning
ewww Trash acc dude
let me go see if I like this Bryson tiller dude
dude, it's to early for this it ain't even 8:30 yet
Dude its such a mess A radio show hosted by 4 people is such a mission to listen to,
Happy birthday my dude!! Hope it's it good one @CeeJaay21
dude, you're suppose to reply with MPGiS photos, ugh
dude your the real MVP
So apparently the #Firefly cast is on board for a season 2 and SO ARE WE! by #NYCC #Nerdist
Behave dude!
I hate when a dude get mad like i made him promises!!!!!!!
holy shit hunter is still alive?! Thought I lost you for good dude
Gay dude in my class watching a "how to glitter your nipples video". Kharia dial dahk.
You're so cute In your space suit In your space boots Space dude
Thanks again dude :D Ikr! Hahaha
There's the camera dude relax chill dude chill
coming on now dude
Dude, nobody wants to hear your screamo music at 7 in the morning but you. TURN IT OFF.
Dude the back part of my brain has been throbbing so I googled it... basically I'm screwed lol
my friend and I were fighting and this random dude came up to us and told us we're his friendship goals
Crazy Ex-GF Sends Harassing Texts, But Dude Shuts Her Down Quick
bus always cheers me up dude
Dude, I was talking about the past so why bother debating with it? And for the record, ikaw ba kausap ko? I don't think so.
Come to think of it that might be the perfect game to stream with as well. Lemme know dude.
glad to hear that dude
lmfao why did this dude just give an example of people being racist around him and say, "well sometimes I laugh." #niggawhat
I'm lowkey mad cuz I picked Chargers but I'm happy for dude cuz the O-line was killing him dread
Dude, are you ok? Want me to get the cyanide? :\\
dude he came off the bag see Kent herbeck play for historical context 1991.
Dude just threw a garbage can (Vine by @sport_fun_facts)
There is a dude who looks like a short Samuel Jackson that keeps smiling at me in Whole Foods. Too early.
my face when that rat ran up the subway dude's BODY. rob dydrek's face when he takes pics w his supermodel wife.
Oooh, dude dude dude. I have major appreciation for anything who can't handle pain. Like, my body is fucked up. You don't ~
That dude is high af. Like really high.
Rugs might be the Only skinny dark skin dude that could get me.. If I found out the rumors aren't true
Pretty dank dude
dude. Had you heard this? Do you think it'll translate to the trauma bay? Would love to see fewer pan scans
Oh dude thanks, that's one sweet //M tho...
I don't usually do this, but that dude is crazy.
dude how did u get that kid banned in the singles match? Every single of his wins been fake proof I put a 14 min no show and
dude text me back
Wow! to recap, within 24 hours #UF QB is suspended, #SteveSpurrier retires and a former #TexasA M player kills a dude! #curseofthesec
This dude is the coolest @Mubarak_KS
their conversation pattern WAS amazing time, I really do have an amazing gameing collection dude.....
Dude you wrong Hurlie recruited Swag16 LBs all the way Hurlie is our second best recruiter
That's a dude?
Now one in my face talking bout "you\'re pretty" move dude
Really dude? Get the fuck off the TP if that's your attitude.
we were dude haha we can be swole still
Slim dude seeds the ass.
congrats dude! Welcome to the big 5O! You look like you're still fit as a fiddle and strong as a bull
Hey dude where was the vlog yesterday???
Damn, missing the today :(
#venezuelafotos #dude #ripped #Gainesville Stretching #for #back #pain #micro niche with hungry buyers: Brand New
#venezuelafotos #dude #ripped #Gainesville Back #pain #relief #ask us about s.: Video
I'm not weighing in w/ dude .. can't even flex
DUDE if by ghetto you mean GENIUS
im the dude who wears black everyday... I think you copied me b..
A dude goes like"Do u have a problem with me?"I go like "No, I don\'t have a problem with u" the question is "Do U have a p
But when I find out ole dude name, imma beat them lips up
go ahead dude I just want more confident with my english I am so sorry if i had mistakes or grammatical errors
Dude Made A Kid Call His Mother After Catching Him Stealing His Car! "They Could\'ve Killed Your Azz" -
Save your sass for someone who cares, dude. #dishingitrightback #notinthemoodeither #nooneenjoysredeyes #travelingproblems
oh dude it's godly I've been listening to it for years
dude how funny would it be if someone jizzed in space and there was just a bit of spunk floating for eternity
DUDE PEOPLE ARE MAKING FUN OF ME CAUSE I DRESSED UP LIKE OMG FU
YES rudegirl!! That petrol money though, kmt! Feel to send dude an invoice for that shit!
jared: you call me sir, i don't feel like sam jared: call me sam! dude: yes, sam, i... jared: DONT TALK WHEN I'M REHEARSING
People just don't understand me!
DUDE I CANT TAKE ANOTHER ANNOUNCMENT MAN
Dude on the bus smells straight up like alcohol. It's 8:20 in the morning. You've got some issues to work out sir #transittales
You are in my black list dude.
This dude is always talking, but we all know that he has no idea what he is talking about. He just repeats himself
Just saw a video by a dude called K2, wow who forgot to close the hip hop backdoor and allowed this garbage to sneak in?
Dude what the actual hell is going on
I don't know dude. I remember you had a different avatar. @TeamSXSH
Not the type of dude that run my mouth when I get pussy or when me a girls does something
Girls will date a hood nigga and get cheated on and swear every dude the same
THE BAE
Dude working this early so annoying
DUDE ALL THE BEST IK YOU CAN DO IT IF YOU CAN VOTE YOUR ASS OFF YOU CAN STUDY YOUR ASS OFF.
DUDE YEA
Regardless if you are here or not, I'll be good with out you.
You are worse than a fucking girl dude. Hahah #seriously
did this dude really say the n-word smh
Thank you! Happy belated Birthday!! Hope you enjoyed every second of it, dude. #blessings
dude, you\'re selling all your stuff? Does someone at MLB have a "problem" we should know about?
This dude was "chillin" for 9 years
This dude is so slow omfg
happy 13 dude!
You're a straight up lurker on all girls who are younger than you . Seriously dude, don't you talk to ANY girls your age?
okay that's fine dude
BEIGE yotsuba Switching coachJKT Thank you sold out yotsuba Wide Pants
dedicating my fantasy victory this week to you my dude. Hate to see you go down. Stay strong.
Is there a '#casual #hookup #etiquette #wiki'? LOL dude just shuck your clothes and get in me! No need for kissey wissey shit! #sex #pof
Stay tough, dude!
dude i know you're desperate for a lot of things but make up your mind already
i wanna be the object of your affection
fucking lie dude, eat this ears you creflo dollar
DUDE WTH IS THIS. WHERE IS THIS FROM. SOMEONE LINK ME. I CANT BREATHE THEYRE SO CLOSE TO THE CAMERA FK
Just want to say I'm so proud of you dude! Keep your head up bc you are gonna go far I can feel it
Might b the wrong dude
SERIOUSLY DUDE WHAT IS THIS?????? THIS SHIT IS CREEPY. Am I gonna get in trouble over this? RAGE MODE
dude i'm way more pissed off than you
Dude! great to see you here !
Sony Xperia Z5 and Xperia Z5 Premium launching in India on October 21
So Tired My Dude
Leave Thanksgiving Dinner to the Dude! Roast Turkey, Cranberry-Orange Relish, Herb Stuffing, Candied Sweet Potatoes, Green Been Caserole Yum
HEY HAPPY BIHDAY DUDE
DO U NOT TAKE A HINT DUDE. I DONT LIKE U
Jerian Grant cant even dunk in 2k smh..such blasphemy , dude has bounce
I'm around the corner dude
Good shit dude, this is looking fresh!
IT WAY TO EARLY FOR THIS DUDE
Why did I find this funny SHE WAS BEAST DUDE
sadlife dude
Dude, once I was mayor of two bagel places and my therapists officeat the same time
Bragging that you "stole" a girl from another Dude ... Is ONLY ADMITTING that you are Now Dating a girl Capable of being "Stolen"
This dude is up to something huh? In need of some activism tips
Dude, I'm busy yelling at the TV, and Annalise isn't listening to me.
Happy birthday dude! have a great day
LESS soothing now an old freemason dude is sitting opposite
I never believed in Santa Claus because I knew no white dude would come into my nei ... -
HEY DUDE
your thoughts on the new episodes? :)
anfer.jim welcome back dude!!! #magkapatid #brother #sister #bffffs @
Dude you didn't have to do it like that :c
I'm on dude where ya at
M80 was spittin on rock my chain dude
dude sav owes me 360k I've waited patiently I lost 50k to you 2 min
Its awful dude
good luck my dude, hope it all goes well and that you recover quickly and properly.
Happy birthday my dude!!!! @haydenhendricks
ofc dude. Safe and sound dalam my drawing file
Today's kids will never know how to play Minesweeper because neither did we.
Periscope drunk driver - Dude!!!, this chick got busted-DWD(driving-while-dumb) by COPS..
Can you give me a hint how can I get your follow dude xxxx
lmao dude I'm a shopkeeper
Accept your past without #REGRET handle your present with #CONFIDENCE and face your future without #FEAR... #Sammy
Someone told me dude she has a boyfriend.. And I was like Yeah so? Soccer has a goalie, doesn't mean you can't score?
dude I hate angelo.
WAOW nice dude
gone dude
"hey dude, i have feelings too."
This dude makin sex on a simulator #college
"Who knew that this new dude can spit coocoo and rap sicker than a new flu I\'m like a guru" #RETWEEET #newmusic
dude my life is an lol
happy birthday dude still amazed your one of your first words to me were "you have funny tweets"
do you mean on flash? Dude it's gonna be just like the first time, they're just gonna bring him back later
Dude! The iPad Pro and the Apple Pencil was made for your drawings!!!! WE WANT MORE OF THIS! #Creativity
only way ima marry is if im all the way fucked up bout dude.
Respect this dude @icecube....Kanye is a younger you, from Rap to family movies YOU DID IT.
LIKE MY FRIEND\'s bf is getting mad cause she said "no" to doing sexual stuff w/ him AND IT PISSES ME OFF LIKE DUDE IT ANNOYS ME AAAA
Ok, this dude's followed me and unfollowed me three times now Man crushes are so cute
dude thought since I sit next to him we automatically partners foh
This gotta be the corniest dude on Twitter he been tweeting horoscope tweets for like 5 years now
Dude, you married 3 white strippers and you are going to come at me about race ?
but the en team is like Lol, nahh no free loveca dude...
You chose to be on this page to follow me. Remain decent while commenting. Indians and Idiots will be mercilessly block
JIYONG YOUR #lastnight DUDE DONT PLAY WITH MY HEA OMG
Dude. Your job is the CC of NYCC :) Have fun!
dude you want something to laugh at after all this? Go follow @KeemTheType
" so sick of being the nice person that just gets walked all over and taken advantage of" dude!
that lit dude stupid
Read This Book #4281 The Dude Magazine1/58 Brigitte Bardot Gwen Verdon Gus Thorner
DM Dude!
YEP ! blocked the A-hole TROLL>; @ SurvivorMed his/her/?Its language straight out of the TrollsPlayboook3RingBinder "dude\' gag!
I will always be a skins fan first, but I will root for RGIII. Dude was railroaded here.
Already on repeat dude! Turn Off the Light so far is my fave!
it's all about quality dude
"I fricken love candles dude"
DUDE! LMAOOOO " Why hasn\'t this nigga been arrested yet ?
#SoloSex,#Dildo,#Fingering,#PussyRub,#Porno: Small Tittied Grannie In Stockings Rides Young Dude And Gives...
Happy bday to my dude @ElaskySam
i just heard a dude in my bckyard yelling @ my dogs to sit they wouldn't stop barking then all I hear is the dude running jumping the fence
Saudi officials tell Russia its actions in #Syria will have 'dangerous consequences':
What's the best gift for a dude's birthday? uhmmm it depends on what kind of dude you're about to give it to, but
Ive wasted the last 5 months I can say that bc I didn't learn anything w/ the dude that's the worst feeling ever
If you dont know who this dude is go look him up. Great documentary on #Netflix about Fela Kuti. #Pandora
And my morning continues... On the platform minding my own business when some stumpy Hispanic dude who is...
Ah! Lets turn the awkward into fun. So am I the "other dude" or is?
Speaking of stalker. Hmm. Hi Stalker! miss kita kausap dude. But I know your ignoring me. okay nalang. Seen na naman to.
I'm the most laid back chill dude on Twitter
Dude please Can you get me elites royaltys legdadarys and all camos ? please i am poor
Dude Lord knows the Arabs and Albos even tho so many hang out together they lowkey talk so much shit
hahaha, I died laughing at this this pats dude is ignorant AF
Good girls take 6-12 months to move on. Only hoes jump from dude to dude. Don't argue with me this is science
Poor little dude. Hope he's better today.
Then shortly after new AVI for they dude Jeremy Washington
Mango shmango, dude wants his donuts!! #donutplant #brooklyn
I don't understand how a dude can get a girl pregnant and not be there for her or even be in his child's life. I don't get that
Update: s competitor is now following their profile:
wow thanks dude.. Very kind.. {smiles} I'll call for a beer later
Dude where is my $50. Ima get u smoked
dude, they are straight fire
73 #LGBTQ athletes who came out since the last National #ComingOutDay - Outsports #Diversity #Inclusion
LMAO dude mad cause I don't want to talk to him
Dude . #PushAwardsKathNiels #PSYHiwalay
Seriously if after ALL OF THIS you are still a Cockles or Jenmish or whatever you call yourselves these days..DUDE..
"Dude i can\'t find my moms other fanny pack"
Happy birthday to one rad dude we r doing the Great Gatsby unit in English so it reminds me of u! Have a swagged
Wait no it wasn't just any dude it was The Cis Dude. He's part robot??
Dude I can't go to the next tour because I'm gonna have to tame myself a parent is gonna be next to me I Can't scream FUCKING LOVE YOU'
Dude #thehaterz are aware of your postcode now
Need express permission to film, dude? haha.. "I\'m in shock! I don\'t know what I\'m saying!"..
Dude at the gym hopped off the bike to sing and dance to 'can't take my eyes off you' a fun reminder of the power of music..a woman..life...
yeah I'm really good dude. How are I hope you're keeping well
-I wouldn't date her. She's the same bitch Bella that made fun of someone for roleplaying a woman when he was a dude OOC. She's a-
DUDE, you KNOW better. If you MUST eat a lame cupcake, just try the frosting, if that doesn't suck, eat the top layer only.
Ey dude
hey dude it's been awhile
i wasn't that drunk, dude you used your master ball on a magikarp
I didnt block KG or that Xenomrph dude, soo... xD
Awesome news, dude.
5 minutes to class and the teacher "isn\'t ready". Come on dude you\'re in the corner what are we gonna see anyway?
Dude done took my seat
I'd steal Chip West. Dude got more 5* recruits to go to UVA over VT.
there's no creature weirder or more spastic than a dude who's intimidated by a strong girl and doesn't know what to do
Dude it's my opinion my tweets I don't need you or anyone else judging me about it please shut up
Holy shit dude
Wtf dude when is it gonna start getting cold, tired of this hot weather shit
Dude....On both Twitch and Youtube...the chat..is out of control. Blocking featured are f'ed, etc. Too many trolls. Disappointed.
yes cuz I will never post pictures of me and him or get under his pictures and comment ion fuck with dude like that
generally speaking, those in suits are elitist bellends anyway. Props to the happy homeless dude!
#ZumaPainting #PWPainting Done,white dude portrayed like this. Now its even. Lets move along to more important issues
DUDE, THEY ARE REAL
Dude was so mad about wasting money @ Craft House that he shot himself. Support your local #divebar in #southjersey!
French courses make me cringe
Pleeeeease don't be a time waster, gumtree dude.
happy bday dude! hope ur day is gr8
Dude wont age a little
Prayers for your Grandpa.
Lmfaoo dude my whole class is reading this
NowPlaying do what you wanna do - Devin The Dude
daeil of 24k was super excited when they were announcing points, he was excitedly hitting a got7 member like DUDE DUUUU
*calls u dude and babe in the same sentence*
We export woods, yet we import toothpicks. Great line
dude why!!
dude ur gorgeous af...fuck em
This dude got a lisp from hell lmao
same, dude
the guidance dude is like you know at some point you're going to have to present and im like yes but i refuse bc i physically cant so
This dude just walked by and his right leg made a clicking sound?? He's probably part robot
#cougar,#milfanal,#teenmom,#mom,#sexual,#SoccerMom: Horny Dude Fingerfucked His Big Boobed Blond Sweetie Greedily
You too young to be stressing over a dude/girl go get you some money you crying and we haven't graduated yet.
dude i'm so excited to be in sf w my fam i'm crying i miss u sm
dude your truck isn't loud don't try to rack your pipes for everyone hahaha
"Dude I\'m probably gonna be locked up for a while, but you know me" guess who
I swear ur such an ass dude....u tell me a lot of lies wtf
I woke Calvin up and was like "come on bud you gotta go to work" and he just like half yells "I GOTTA WORK WORK" what the fuck @calvinole
If there is already a friendship there, yes. If not, the phrase.. "Damn that handsome dude!" is usually employed! :)
dude not now please let me rant for a while
Good Morning! Have a wonderful day!
I'm only suggesting one per week dude, how many do you need? Compare that to the next DLC launch...
This dude is seriously amazing.
this dude about to shoot up the whole event...
maaaan y'all gotta get ur boy on #ChadJoe Lo Dude is killin it on #Gio Jones on @CBSSportsRadio
Thanks for the like dude, hope you enjoyed whatever you saw, know it's long!
dude somebody brought an actual kid 2 school
dude we're sitting in Heathrow until 1630, the day is yet young
... al-Fawzaan: Wedding rings are not Islamic. [
.... Not too smart... Dude was/is good, hate it for CFB
Bangkok taxi drivers who complain about traffic. Seriously dude. You might want to consider a different job.
Dude this song is awesome!! Didnt know it was by Linkin Park.
Lol someone just honked and yelled "f*** off" to a bus. Dude, it\'s a bus.
Happy birthday lil bro I love you be safe dude! #imstillbeatingthatasstho
I want it to be dude
dude you don\'t even have your console stop doing "gamer tweets"
I'm the dude wantin to hit the quan lol
I'm hanging by a thread, dude. I want to see how this storyline plays out, but it really is testing my strength.
Happy birthday to my man hope u get better at 2k and madden dude #scrub
Dude ugh
Dude have you seen me in school, I'm like normal boy who wears shirts and shorts :)
no way dude is it bad?
exactly dude! i wanna come with you next time into battle with those man-eating dragons!
Blunt after blunt..dude I gotta slow down
I do all my work but my grade just keeps dropping dude
Don't forget dude !! @menatheegyptian
Dude this guy brought a beats pill thing to study hall and is playing the weeknd like loud as fuck @Trixkyyy
Wtf wrong wit dude he just like 34 pics , #NoHomo Slime
Happy Birthday dude!!
I don't wanna move on to another dude cause I done got so used to you
dude jury duty was made by the devil. I swear.
Saw this dude chillin' while I was driving today
But seriously this dude looks like minseok wth
Forget tribe.. If someone is going to be loyal to you, you won't have to demand it from him
Thanks dude!!
THAT IS SOO AWESOME DUDE! PROPS TO YOU!
"blow me off dude" "Hahahaha yeah!"
Its way to be early to be fighting me over a lighter, just let me bick back do my job dude. #gasstationproblems
happy bday my dude!@davidalayande
dude whats uour fav golf ball to use? Ive just got in to the game and im after some advice
dude look like the Cookie Monster
This dude on sportscenter called himself "bucci mane"
"You need to eat something you\'re a twig" Dude, i eat more than you
And TIP selection should rely heavily on analyst feedback, their workflows and processes. What does the analyst hope to get out of a TIP?
Hope you are feeling better. Good Morning!
homie sent me a snap last week of some girl cleaning a bench. Dude wrote "yea bitch clean that shit"..New Mike Mann cold bruh
Aha dude did you see that *insert the nick laugh, hunch of the shoulders, and point at who ever messed up
I can't appreciate ig feeds with monochrome themes or just plain black white. Like dude how dull is your life
What the hell dude
im bored dude.
No YG artist in Mama 2015? Like WTF? DUDE 2015 WAS BIGBANG'S YEAR. WE WAITED FOR FUCKING 3 YEARS AND THIS IS WHAT WE WILL GET. DAMN MNET.
Some guy at my table won an all in for $900 last night with Qs10h on an AhKs2h5hAs the dude that called had Qh6s
I love the shit people say right when they wake up holy fuck
thanks dude. Looking forward to cleaning it up
oh it's happening dude
Lmfaooo Your Such A Smut Dude
really good dude
sorry dude. I don't foresee it benefitting me in the long run. Ask someone else in the league
Mad Dog, have a killer sweet 16 dude! #swamp4life
I already tagged her in the original tweet dude
oh thanks dude so are you
oh some other dude then :p awkward @AnkitPandey
[grins widely and lets out a breath, leaning back into the seat] Really?Dude thank you so much! Fuck, yeah of course we can!
Still ain't send my dude shit bruh
Happy birthday my dude otf @JonathanG2S
Dude I always hv sm serious question abt that... Like why humans created religions at the first place????
you're an exception dude
Some dude on Facebook commented this on a "I need feminism because-" pic and I\'m dying of laughter.
Watched the ep with fisk as a kid, dude, i love Mama Fisk, she is fucking intense. (But uh, no, Fisk, you ARE a monster.)
do u even understand how beautiful this world is dude chEESE CAN BE FRIED INTO A BALL. fuck. good morning
OKAY BUT DUDE IM SO PISSED RN
My one wish is to actually meet Halsey BC dude seriously I'm in love this is kinds ridiculous I only learned about her ~6 wks ago
Who are you talking about, dude? XD
Lol dude, the only thing that you should do to increase your memorizing skill is by stop listening to music start reciting Quran.
dude this song is really me @ a party or kickback omg
Love a dude that'll do anything to please his GIRL.
Dude, you have the best bio EVER. I want to be you.
there was this guy called larry at the festival, he was a cool dude. he had some good dreds.
dude am I catching subs from a bitch I don't even know?
I dont mind sittin in traffic..in the company car..on the clock..but dude im with be tryna make sure he avoids it.lmao
Such a very beautiful smile.
Going on a date tonight and I honestly don't know if I'm looking forward to it or dreading it. I feel quite sorry for the dude
dude do you like posting pics of me for attention cuz its not working #Randyisgay
camera dude seemed pretty excited by your private sector joke :)
Now now, we wouldn't want to upset the feelings of a long-dead white dude.
Gonna lie on the floor and listen to this like the Dude.
nah dude once its after 10 i cant go in the school and by time i get there it will be 10
YAKINIKKUN Example Tweet (Type ): "hahah dude I do [thing people do in the evening] but in the morning"
This lil dude is a hunk! Picture does him no justice! #frenchbulldogsforsale #frenchbulldog #frenchie
Yeah, dude. Have a great day!
yo dude probably there will be no justice for you guys in this cruel is unfair :'( #MH17
Dude by Aerosmith is #nowplaying in Bowlplex Nantgarw, Treforest Industrial Estate. Download it now at
Regardless what you think about Columbus, he got it wrong. This ain\'t India. We still call natives "Indians" because some dude got it wrong.
its been three years dude
Good luck dude!
dude I want this account to blow up so bad
This shirt I got made is so hard dude
true dude
Tell my boss to buy a keurig for the office, dude decided to build a coffee spot in our kitchen then gets irritated ...
Awww thanks Ry darl!! Need a boogie when I'm home dude xx
How tf did AKA turn a diss song into a jam ? Dude's talented.
Dude. I've never watched porn
this is so precious, dude!!! lol. so how are you?
Happy birthday to one rad dude we r doing the Great Gatsby unit in English so it reminds me of u! Have a swagged out day m8!
back off dude
I felt sorry for you until you said you had 184 apps on your phone. Dude. That's too many. Let 'em go. ;-)
Bj Asian Oriental Babe Masturbates Dude
This dude is all kinds of dope! Who maps out triggers and loops on a laptop!?!
These are the only pictures I have of Esther...But dude happy birthday Esta! Im glad we've been friends for so long! h
Sometimes, our greatest strengths can be found while trusting God through our greatest obstacles.
He reminds me of the creepy old dude from the Jags MB (dav) that couldn't get enough of those pictures with the Roar.
when you think a chick is a dude and she lets you call her bro for months before she mentions she has a vagina &lt;&lt;&lt;
Omg my dads road rage is so annoying like chill the fuck out dude
...the silicon valley layoff... "dude you\'re fired man, but if you wanna throw some ideas my way that\'s cool...t
Dude..
Dude im telling you im dying
... dude how
Money make a fake dude look real again
I have no clue who the white dude is lol
when u started sharing ur feelings to ur favorite band dude then he gave u some encouraging words.... i feel the love mate x thank you
dude it's just not normal.
Kim Meangyu, I know you're here. Dude, what chu doing- Come out.
I just want to stay in my bed all day
Wahhhh !! Iknow dude
dude EVERYONES taller than me. come to Florida
TIP selection should be based on requirements. These can take time to build and change overtime as a #threatintel program matures.
I'm like the only light skin dude that don't give light skins a bad name!
dude chill all he said was happy birhday
hit me up when you\'re here, dude. We\'re "best friends" after all. #Nangville
dude you should try to read sasunaru doujinshi, its fvcking funny lmao
Mandarin time dude
Is my mom seriously taking a shower? Dude I'm in the middle of getting ready.
Dude you rock, thanks!
dude open your DM's to public or follow me to send you DM lol
Dude my is thigh so sore and my arms too
I dont care how good Manti Te'o is in the NFL, he will always be the dude that made up having a girlfriend.
Happy birthday to one sexy dude
people should be grateful that they've seen the boys with their own flesh and eyes like dude you're so lucky not everyone
dude get the fuck out of here what the hell
means a lot my dude and let's do it
that was not good dude
That monsta x dude tho
dude its gonna be awesome!
We give you all praise, all honor, and all glory. Thank you Jesus! #BeBlessed
Happy Birthday @J0EKAY. Have a great one my dude. Keep inspiring and educating the masses on that future sound.
dude u look so nice
I'm tired of this fuckin place dude.
Really can't stand a liar dude
Get over yourself dude
Hey dude @Luke5SOS
Online for my six-month cammiversary!
sharing is caring dude
Ahahaha, I'll try my best. Thanks a lot, dude.
i stg i was soo fucking dead dude
Lowkey miss high school just because it was crazy easy and I never had homework or essays worth half my grade
miss you dude, hopefully we can hang out again soon
yooooooo!! Sick! Thanks dude
Happy Friday to my jeans freaks... and everyone else! #tgif
sooo this dude who used to live in tranco (we've never heard of him until now) is running for president nakakainspire dream big daw guys
Shady - "While you at work shes with some dude trynna get off!?!?.. Fuck slitting her throat.. CUT THIS BITCHES HEAD OFFF!!!!"
Damn!!! Thanks anyway dude!!
I don't understand why people try to start an impromptu race on the street when you pass them.. Dude this isn't GTA
Hahahaha! My dude: I needed that.
What? I-I'm not crying, dude. This movie is just so bad that it leaves me in despair..*wipes tear away*
Currently Vivian omw to wrk... Love this dude
Yall ladies really need to start hustling these thirsty dude
i don't fucking care about you dude, so stop pestering my life haha #TMBTogetherForever
I seriously been sleeping on this dude. I've been on PartyNextDoor.
grandchild: when did you know you were gonna marry grandpa? me: when the dude brought 4 different slices of cheesecake
I\'m still trying to understand why people hate her! Like "WTF DUDE SHE IS AWESOME"
I love this dude to the moon and back.
Don't argue with those who can hear but are deaf, who can speak but are dumb and who can see but are blind. Leave them in
Happy birthday to my dude @TooHypeCrum. Have fun today and try not to get into to much trouble
all those 'metal' bands you listen to are the pits of music and are all talentless white dude who look gay as hell.
Happy Birthday to my dude !
dude, like I'm emotionally overwhelmed.
This dude Robespierre is killing everybody omg. This is bad, we can't do this anymore. #downwithmax
Also he aint the dude id be willing to risky ish with
Dude I must clear er\'thing Lmao " Me, all week going through your TL " "Now why are you doing that, are you sick"
Took another bus today , person who sits next to me smellllllls dude
u hv changed a lot dude!! juz bcoz of her. im really dissapointed. Full stop.
them guys with curly hair. Christopher Nissen was just another dude I &lt;3
dude in the "Snow Happens" hoodie way too serious for doughnut Tuesday! Was he "dragged" into the pic?
DUDE!! What time!? That sounds perfect
dude, what does the over 1.5 goals mean?
I remember way back at T.T.I where my nigga was my senior. That dude always calm humble. God bless ur hustle
When u go to 7/11 and the Indian dude with the turban stares at you when you walk in, thinkin u bout to steal somn
The way these niggas fucked over the auto bots dog dude
it was his glove dude
this grey tanktop with like a skater dude on it(?) black skinnies and black shoes
...the silicon valley layoff... "dude you\'re fired man, but if you wanna throw some ideas my way that\'s cool...thanks"
He was this very wealthy, uppity African dude. Ya'll know the one I always talk about avoiding? Yeah.
Man ..I wanted to be just like this dude growing up practicing ..even though most laughed ..I still be on it...
Macon when's the new tape dropping man? Damn dude you're supposed to be famous by now! What happened? Do you still ma
i wish i was a dude so there wasnt a way for me to come to school and "look like shit"
It makes me think that if the story is good, goddamn GOOD, we don't need 10,000 customisations. I will happily play an albino hetero dude
math is my only stressful class dude
thanks dude hang with us soon!!
Happy birthday my dude #salami @m_courchene
Bought my Chilean security dude Pablo a rose yesterday and he's still carrying it today coz he's a lad
Fright Dome Friday, lol dude I'm scared as shit already
Dude your not balling
Well this certainly is not a fair #threatintel platform comparison (X-Force Exchange and MISP) >;>;>;
Dude forreal
it's weird. They'll come here to say guys never notice what girls do but as soon as a dude mentions it, he'
I'm sorry dude, I don't have any MPGiS pics
dude you're just a hater.
what a dude
Dude did a flip, recover, then pulled out the gun and shot.
Woah woah woah I never asked for this whole Robespierre dude. Things were supposed to get better. #reignofterror
So dude tries to talk tough. I talk tough back. Then backtracks and plays the victim card.
Dude she got you
Some of these girl's expectations for guys are just so unrealistic. Dude gotta be perfect 100% of the time otherwise you're a waste right?
Dude Fingers And Fucks Hole Of A Teen #dude #fingers
Dude. I was having the best dream I ever had. Right when it was getting to the best part my sister texts me and wakes me up
HEY DUDE! !! ya nasty! !! Yup no make up no pressed hair, weave,
You have to understand dude, that's not how you get a person to like you by forcing yourself to them.
dude you're reaching too far
people should be grateful that they've seen the boys with their own flesh and eyes like dude you're so lucky not everyone can see them
dude learn to read bc fishing for made you look ignorant..Miami fans talking integrity
i just watched it again and I can't stop laughing dude
yo dude pls go dm =)
You mess with the wrong person dude
he was so pissy because he had to be there like dude the fuck I don't want to be here either get over it
Dude that would be awesome!!!
"Dude, I thought we said no Journey psych-outs!
Dude it's so cold out rn, like 35 with heavy wind. Welcome to Minnesota, wish I had my car for today.
This is one tough dude. Rooting for this guy.
what dude
ena da you know whom to get in touch with for this
dude I was kidding don't waste your non existent money on me man!! XD
GET SOME DUDE THEN WE COULD WEAR THEM ON WEDNESDAYS
Same dude. Next 3 games will all be challenging. None should be taken lightly.
happy birthday ma dude, miss you #Yankees4Life
I crack up every time a dude hit me with some shit I would say
f**ck burn me in hell Im falling so hard for this dude all my days so in love with the impossible
pesident roxas dude lol
I did.... Settle down dude lol
dude of course!!
#Granny,#Mature,#Milf,#Old,#GrannyGlasses: Hot Tempered Young Dude Fucks Old Hairy Pussy Doggy Style
Today's wisdom... Good morning!
#CuteTeens,#perv,#sex,#teenspy,#wanking,#horny,#handjob: Young Dude Fucks Old Harlot Wearing White Stockings
she brings it to her attention bc she have friends here, so we support her. Dude you not have any reason for this
Marc - whatever you're doing it seems to be working for you. You are one happy looking dude. Thanks for your follow.
"Dude seriously, fuck Facebook." -Stan
Dude I'm hungry asf
It is 7:40 and this dude already trying to start shit like I am still asleep man hmu in a few
LOL TV umpire is India's S Ravi - this dude gave a shocker during Ashes too. Big fan of England cricket it seems #EngvPak #PAKvENG
I played the bl to6 half my team died by a dude you had kill aura including me and he was 3/4 diamond at 10 and got banned xD
Get a life dude!
I took a stroll with (aka #MelodyKush) - #Exclusive #PhotoSeries (by ...
This dude said "lots and lots of big trains volume 1 sounds like a porn video"
but your not trash pick yourself up dude you look beautiful anyways
It's okay dude it really is okay... Stop loosing sleep over it, ALL of it.
dude with 4.5k tweets but under 200 followes
Jgh P.S. someone was following me literally around the campus, I got an eye on you dude
What the heck dude!
Step up to the plate?! Dude doesn't want to be a pinch hitter his whole life. He wants to a starter! #skank
that's cause you ain't cute dude
dude just eat grass and kick ass
i agree dude! RUDE IS STUCK ON MY MIND is so catchy
happy birthday dude, have a great day! @Sethy_Davey
no problem dude!
tell them niggERS dude
didn't know you were an LSU graduate dude
Seriously. We want to see the last of that dude. Vote peeps! #elxn42
sorry messed up the first tweet! Happy birthday dude!
love your videos dude keep up the good work.
#timehop I hope this dude found his leg
I'm liking this Dr. Osagie already
"Get You Good" by Roy Woods is amazing. Haven\'t felt this good about a new artist in so long. I love dude off one song lol geeee
Our girl ain't so low to lie about what she's wearing. Dude. Wear something that someone will say that you have a guy.
That dude
Announcing winners of Friday crossword puzzle: and @udcharles. Congrats. Inbox us details for recharge. h
Dude intimidated them o!
-Columbus: india? -Natives: nah bro -Columbus: wow i really found India -Native: dude -Columbus: pardon me indians, i ju
:)) Thanks dude.
I'm hoping he doesn't have a murse for that... My inner monologue when I see some huge muscled dude carrying a Chihuahua...
I'm excited af I love your videos dude &lt;3
All this fight, just because of her, dude you're a real fan.
Dude I struggle to get out of bed in the morning
Rihanna, you can't explain how hurt I felt to see some dude hump all over you, but you knew it would hurt me, so you did it.
Dude, didn't want to leave my bed.
Cesaro smiles at the weirdest of times, like dude you just lost a match why are you happy keep kayfabe dammit
lide dude
2 oclock dude
I just state facts my dude
That dude Mac is a beast! Also, thanks for coming out K!
Good thing your one tough dude! Keep your head up buddy, nothing you can't handle! Back to nor
To the person behind me that's snoring in class.....I totally feel you dude
this dude posts 4.5 times per day for the last 4 years and is scared of ghost videos on YouTube. Ha ha!
lilo: "fights" on stage 1dhq: yeah lilo cool they\'re fine bro pal dude! larry: hates each other wants larries dead larries ruined them 1dhq:
HOW IS A VIDEO FAKE LMAO ARE YOU SERIOUS DUDE??
Your dude is with you. Wishing he was with another chick that would fuck his brains out.
DUDE THATS SO COOL THO IN ENGLAND ITS JUST COLD 24/7
Dude tryna freak with me at work in the bathroom. .... lol. Just too risky
So Dope! You are so lucky dude.
I am glad the main dude is voiced by Shizuo
Some niggas are just pervs. Trust me dude u will NEVER get a bitch being on that creep shit. At least not a bad one anyway.
Bars ppl bars! Hibi you fav dude getting bodied by a left winger
dude modeling is goals.
HBD TO THE ONLY DUDE I KNOW WHO HAS TWO BIHDAYS IN ONE YEAR #bless @TheDanielMunoz
dude. yes.
All the nominees have been decent so far.
hahahah Apple played black dude wit the blonde hair
Can I jus get up and say hey dude you look like an idiot
Be thankful dude.
dude. It's so real right now. Hit like a ton of bricks. But had to get the kids to school. Hopefully yoga will help.
Dude... are you ok? Shit! MY SCREEN!!!
is the type of dude that wears a Subway uniform to church and asks the alter boys if they wanna taste a footlo
I was just asked at the door if my mum was home. I mean technically I'm staying at her house she isn't here but dude, I'm not a teenager.
. mansplains directly to @benshapiro. She really is a dude.
Whop! #win If I Call My Girl and A Dude Picks Up Her Phone, Its Better Be Jesus!
Enter Dude Approved for a chance to win $125.00 in points. #sweepstakes #sweeps via @SYWSweeps
liam is so in love with Snapchat, dude you should make your own account #EMABiggestFans1D
Don't be that dude: Handy tips for the male academic via @TenureSheWrote
Imagine if a dude tweeted that lmao nigga would be 20 type of rapist
Nonsense.......Instead for u to say I have no choice......This dude can lie!
4 8s dude
Still got it! Eat your heart out @courtlizcamp. Just got a phone number on my Starbucks cup. Never mind it was from a du
why every time you put an dude/girl as your header or somewhere on social media then think y'all talk , that's JUST my PONTA
a homeless guy just walked up to me and said they he loved me, thanks dude
I'm so pumped for tonight dude. you have no idea.
Wicked Fiery Dude #gets wet in gay gangbang #adult #dude #free #porn #video #XXX
If this dude were a madden player his injury rating would be 4
abeg is fasola on the list today for screening.please I need to know when he would be on a must watch. Eloquent dude
&lt;at pool>; *sees football* *picks up football* *spots random dude* *throws football to dude* Me: Oh shit... *blodies
Big dude was killing it
dude Id rather do that
I ain't taking it back if it's not a tofu taco, dude.
Detroit it's been real! Off to OSU to tell them jokes wit my dude @ronniejordan.
...probably not. They're not coming back dude.
dude i swear yunhyeong, jinhwan so little. the others should've said something mehhh
Loving my red hair off to do a promo get those votes in on
they killed it dude
dude it's life
I was just like fuck that this is abuse dude wtf? I went down there and told her so much shit
gettin to the money my dude
eww is that a white dude with dreads trying to correct you? He has bigger issues.
See, our senators are dumb. Very dum
Beautiful!!
they found the plane dude
The year of the pitcher
dude i litteraly just got home
dude we haven't been here before
I look like a dude
lately i've been feeling like all i have is myself
Cant fw a childish dude
Get those votes in #TuesdayTease
Dude, like, wtf? Are you learning about consent or something? Ok, cool, you can come snuggle whenever. Just STFU at 4am! #offerforcatsonly
let it out my dude its Good for ur Health
Woke up and was like "jill... You\'re going to kill it today" then I stood up and was just like fuuuuuuuuuuckkkkk dude
He punched that old dude
duh dude
cukup dua tiga kali and i'm so done with u dude.... sorry...
"She\'s scary, dude..."
I can't do it dude, my step mom makes me wanna slit my throat
sure thing dude enjoy your day
When Will It Be #NopantDay??
Dude I miss these days, Undercove was the best :c
the more coaches that get fired/step down the more it helps VT.. Can't fall behind even more just to let a dude coach 1 game
yeah dude more reliable than the Indian express
nah bro u got the wrong black dude
"Some blind people have never seen a smile, but know how to when they are happy." -some dude
#friskyfriday smiles #PrivateSelfies
thank you for being perfect and making everyday great, I love you
NAH DUDE I AINT
- dude... been too long - how are you?
Asian Teen Boned By White Dude #asian
shoulda seen his friend dude missed the bounce ended up splatting lol
dude same!!!
dude ffssssssss
I havent watched greys all weekend dude. Im still on S5 E4
i just feel so angry with who asked me for verify but next day they asked me unverify. dude, we need loyal and serious members. )
Dude I FUCKING LOVE WAVVES
Dude, what are you doing?
YES DUDE THEY ARE AMAZING! KEEP THEM COMING KURLOZ!
DUDE!!!!
You wanna be careless, I'll be careless as well my dude
we gon trend d #NoPantDay hashtag sooner than later
#sex,#hot,#teen,#nsfw,#porn,#milf: Mature Harlot Enjoys Sucking Big Cock Of One Young Dude Living Nextdoor
happy birthday love ya lots dude hope you have a great day
dude half the classes I tried looking for weren't even listed!!! I was only able to register for 2 classes :/
Haha this dude likes going around acting like he some hot shit like excuse me who put you on?
"lmao dude if you only knew how spiritual i am"
cool dude .!
I Would Like To Meet The Guy Who Invented Beer And Then Buy That Dude A Beer.. He's The Best!!
You're a good dude, Max. You weren't offensive in the slightest.
This dude next to me stinks man. He smell like wet dog must
Lmfao. Aye, this dude robbed a convient store in an Uber...i heard it on the radio...
Oh #CapeMay how I you!
check out the dude on the left taking a selfie for his Facebook page.
dont chase for someone's property dude
I low-key love that dude.
You got niggas, and I got bitches
appreciate the follow my dude. #TurnUp
Saudis have a history of treating maids as slaves. India must reconsider letting them work there via
Lovely.
I don't understand the dude in Columbia holding the invisible sign. He's literally there ALL the time.
Never make eye contact with the mix tape dude pt.3
right. doesn't want to admit he made a bad hire. this is the worst kind of dude/ admit fault and move on. or quit
Everyday routine
some dude in my biology class
#modelmonday rockin my favorite pair of
dude look lmao
shes never been with a dude like me who do it like I do
sorry I fell asleep early, but yea dude we can! just text me whenever (:
#cougar,#milfanal,#HairyPussy,#BBW,#sexual,#Naked: Horny Dude Munches Pussy Of Seductive Brunette Babe With...
dude. Ms.neun was listing to the hype song in payday 2
ok i saw that vine where some dude called a lady a "burnt zucchini" and i couldnt stop thinking about zuko thats him hes a burnt zucchini
Mesut ozil, that dude is spectacular
DUDE I DONT EVEN HAVE MY PSAT BOOK, ITS AT SCHOOL FUCK
dude can we play
lol dude stop messin Wid me its too early
So gorgeous!! Your smile makes me feel good. Hope you have a good one.
dm me dude
kavinsky: *drugs own mother* *kidnaps matthew* k stans: chill dude it was just a social experiment, the camera's righ
Getting an education should not be stressing me out dude. Gaining knowledge should be exhilarating not a bummer.
been about you, since i met you
thank you dude!!! Hope home is treating you well, will see you soon!!
Dude! It's true!
dude I understand stop repeating
dude I'm not even mad. I'm not the only one saying this I'm just the one who chose to speak up
unsa gani tong kanta na moon and stars collide i never want you back in my life......? dude
Please notice this dude :) #GetNewHopeCoverTo40K #GetNewHopeClubTo10K #GetGeorgeTo10K #GetBlakeTo10K &lt;3
Miss you little dude #thomasbenett
No ... It doesn't. Treon is that dude :)
Dude we're 40 minutes into class. Don't even bother
DUDE I FREAKED OUT CAUSE I DIDNT THINK SHE'D BE HERE. Since local artists usually open @ concerts over here
lol have yourself a good day my dude (\xda\xfe_\xfe)
i miss somebody that i really dont like, i just miss our relationship but its still fuck dude
#neverforget when I sent my dude soulja boy gfuel lol
as if i can vote dude. Hahaha
So I just watched SNL and saw "The Weeknd" for the first time.... ...that dude not have any friends to tell him about tha
You're right I should just keep her locked away in my basement, away from any other dude
dude looks like he's gonna blow up if I let her blow me
Dude are you in Syria to have enough guts to tweet this.... *walks past*
Shoot time !!!
You don't have to like Obama politically but you've gotta admit that he's one cool dude!
This dude smokes you guys hahaha
My dude is FLYYY
Send me snaps like this baby girl
If only THread had a 'go to Top' button...
dude I'm excited #thirdNip
Dude. These shirts are sick. #trump #trumpforsatan2016
I always forget girls clothing sizing is in nuMBERS???? That's so fucked haha im glad I'm a dude
dude chill just kidding I love 5sos too...and calum....especially calum
What a beauty.
dude like the announcer only likes underdogs so when he says The winner is, Fox! he's saying fuck get it fox is a dog
Did I tell you guys about this dude that calls himself the "Godfather" of Zed blogging yet I don\'t even know his twitter handle? :s
Mewtwo is pretty much better than Puff, dude
THIS WHITE DUDE JUST TRIED TO RUN ME OFF THE ROAD
: lol "I Can\'t" dude your my favorite lol idk how I would make it through volleyball without you lol we have to sta
Dude !! you should go
Happy birthday miss you dude!
follow my dude @gmoney23__
This dude Louis tried to abandon us. What a wussy.
That's a wrap
dude tbh I don't use anything else but twitter
doesn't happen overnight. The negativity is tiresome. A horn...the ice...the jerseys .. the commute. Enjoy the season dude
Ben was just a misunderstood dude. And Walter was just a dad who did a couple bad things
Yup with ChaCha Eke, Pope Junior, Prince Eke et.c " The Nigga aiidy featured in a movie?" Denrele na serious
my nigga is with me dre I love you dude no homo NOD
Brilliant dude Wat wld u do if this guy was up there stood nxt to u ? I'd be tempted to push him off
The dude is just abnormal lol he's not human I'm convinced
dude please can you give me everything i swear i will do anything help anything but i have no money to give im sorry :(
eh my dude
Young lunch with my dude @odie_ramafsi
#MasonNoise Swag dude unexpectedly Exploded for his stupidity He'd have had the chance to win the show but its his Loss
Deadass thought dude on the porch was a dyke with flabby tits at first
nah dude , i quit you played , you quit i played if i start playing again you might quit again lmao
DUDE LASTWEEK HAS PASSED. GROW UP HAHAHAHAH
when am I cooking for you dude??? Back in Bristol!
hey dude! big fan but what is ur favourite class in bo2 and mw3?
Dude did you hear about the piss for equality thing??? @KevinWeinberg1
Okay so this dude asked me to borrow my English book just now. My response: "your head is about to borrow it if you don\'t buy your own."
Drill team seems so freaking hard dude.
dude what you playing
Eloquence doesn't mean performance. Wisdom actually abounds in silence. I don't care abt eloquence, I want actions
im glad you handle your coffee intake better than this dude does
It be funny to me when a dude that can't dress wants to sell me his apparel lol. My nigga, you want me to pay you to look like you? LMAO
have fun my dude
congrats dude. Now you know how a dog feels. How did that even happen?
I kind of sedated Drake last night. {grimaces} Sorry, dude.
Each night, when I go to sleep, I die. And the next morning, when I wake up, I am reborn.
after i told her everything my friend asked "why are you not okay" like dude let me just take for a moment to embrace your stupidity
Like i dun care about U or yo life , if U not fukkin, like well ( compares options ) be homeless or fuk u ( a dude dat Wud let me b homeless
GORGEOUS WOMAN: I think our flaws are what make us beautiful EVERYONE: wow so deep UGLY GIRL: Yeah I think so too EV
Just know this when it comes to my dude I trust no bitch that has ever fucked him
I do not have kik, tumblr or any other 'ask' accounts... Whoever is talking to you is prob a 50 year old dude in a basement
Dude, Billy Ocean is still totally nailing it.
dude I just checked it know and all are so friggin adorableI wanna take all the Bonniesplus springtrap
health test: dressing appropriately can help prevent sexual harassment, true or false? me: FALSE DUDE me: SAY GOODBYE T
Dude a 5 v 5 in BSN Class of 2014 on League would be a GAME!!!
I'm so dead dude
. hey dude if u need moral support on stage or anything this weekend just lmk
maybe even reddragon dude lol
Shut up dude! Not talking to you bitch
Dude you don't brag about your suicidal tendencies
dude yeah, I'ma pick em up rn
Dude look at adam
Theres a dude named condeso at work and we call him consuela. Every time he asks a question i say "noooo " but he doesnt get it
Dude find him yourself..
I know dude.
Am expecting to see pix too on #NoPantDay as am seeing pix on #NoBraDay huh
dude I watched that show for like 20 min and was over it #youarenotalone
Dude.... You can't be serious...
That kid that is job shadowing jimmy fallon goes to school like 25 minutes from me lol. Lucky dude.
I love my lil dude
What have you been eating dude?
Shit, dude. #Bot
i know dude must be blind
One year with the dude today :3
What happened to the other dude from the Rookie?
dude yes. while eating one.
Dude, Logic's voice is so sexy. Imagine if he was a commentator, like woah.
dude tripping thripp. He still got that plan ass misunderstood tatt
Dude, that's funny as f***
Yo does anyone remember the dude from down south antonio?
DUDE HIROOMI'S SO HOT
dude I'm crying
hell yes they r oh dude I wish I could get them without consequences
dude when do you ever notice me huh, im fab yanno, jk jk you are da best now shut up and follow me already
"Dude.... Don\'t... Oh wait..." Miles sees the dress, his sentence tapering off "I... Holy... I agree."
That awkward moment when a dude can move his butt better than u....
happy birthday my dude , ! Many more to come
Dude honestly I have some really good friends and I appreciate every single one of you. You guys are a blessing to me.
that's an amazingly descriptive way to put it, dude! Couldn't have said it better m'self.
This dude just asked me can I help him with his project
I tried last year to get the dude who sang that song to perform at stadium Royals never called back
"Dude your cleats look like alligators" ~ Elias
But imagine that zayn speaking urdu ughhhhhhhhh .. the only paki dude who cud do that
Like no alerts or anything, this one dude just takes off to the cages
Only want what's real
it's all good dude.
Goodmorning dude.
Apparently security training means we sit here while some dude talks about the history of the company.
dude, there's so much to be grateful and happy for
head dude?? And maybe your spider senses are off? The smell of butter makes me sick #ShelleyFact
not all dude.
Girls with curls. ohhh shiiiiiiiittt
hehe ty dude!
it's always nice meeting older folks who don't have a stick up their ass. just met a 60 something year old dude who dabs #og
lol impossible...
DUDE I LITERALLY JUST SAID THAT
Rate this dude's gear
Rookie actin touch cause some hoes watchin I don't even know dude
Love it when my dude gets his tongue nice and deep on my ass hole
My first period teacher is so chill dude
HAPPY 1 YEAR ANNIVERSARY TO THIS UGLY CREATURE. BUT NAH I LOVE YOU DUDE. LETS KEEP THIS GOING. PS Don't get mad . htt
This is outrageous! Why can't the dude volunteer at the Thai massage parlour on his free time?
fuck yeah dude rub one out
this dude kills the stage #Baxwar #family
Need the full version Damn. Bruhh.. this dude killed this Hotline Bling Cover
Getting drunk and then spending my money is my worst habit dude. Damn last night
more like kindve childish old dude that raps for kids
wtf dude. lol.
Im da typa dude who likes to drink a cup of coffee wit a nicely packed bowl of bud #Pothead #LegalizeMarijuana #GoodMorning
Dude don\'t deny the fact that you"re one of my sasaen fanboy
dude she's fuckin dead
Dude sounded like he was auditioning for the vacancy at USC.
good podcast dude !!
it's weird. They'll come here to say guys never notice what girls do but as soon as a dude mentions it, he's a bitch :/
I was just calmly making my way over, no alerts and this one dude gets a fucking fire in his belly for prisoner murder
No lie, I did buy Ben carson's books. Not bad reads, i just don't know how dude ended up here mentally
Some dude hurt them and they're still overly sensitive. Seems like the girls on here have no sense of hum
your ugly
dude.. just favorited my tweet
Hard feelings dude!
Every dude can be a perverting on #NoBraDay LOL
my wifi is soo ass dude
Kendrick talkin about South African history so much on this album and then he says "I know what the Germans done" dude stumble
Wtf dude
You are just a mere filthy minded jobless person who cant do anything good in this world. Better change yourself dude. Your so gross.
Want to go to tonight's game? Retweet this for your chance to win a pair of tickets.
I'd be the happiest dude in the world if Outkast come together and drop album
please tell me you have thousands of graduation caps on your wall like that dude from twilight
This lil after move for by is sick nice work dude and thanks for
i look rough today
dude pare bro....
I love how the main dude has something he wants and is failing and is growing up and contradictory and I love this show. #sakurasou
bye now I gotta see that for myself if he do I'm robbing dude
I so needa get call of duty for my xbox one
dude he won't stop messaging me omg
dude has problems
I feel you dude
dUDE?????
WILL LEARN OPTIONS
If 12 get behind me I can show you how to do it
Seriously dude, you are a pathetic, gullible hater. Or a Republican. Nonetheless, not too bright. Buh bye.,
Carson scares the shit out of me. Dude is a doctor and doesn't believe in science
head dude ... I smell butter and I proper don't know where it's coming from
Sweet man! And I've been doing great, just busy OUT OF MY MIND. Dude, college is tough
dude thats so cuteee ~
DUDE HIS FEET ARE RIGHT AT THE EDGE OF THE TABLE HOW DO U
When you see the waiter approaching with food that isn't yours
Gorgeous booty!! Have fun!!
lol which security dude? You mean Tanisha's cop or my security guard from Magic?
dude always
At 24, im not dating a dude I can't see myself being with long term and having a love child with.
Baahubali Creates Another Record, Makes It To The Question Paper Of Civil Engineering Exam! via @indiatimes
#scribble #directioner #smilers #marketing Frank #kern #mass #control #revealed: Straggle Haired, Surfer Dude Fro
#rainydayfun #smile #thirsty #travel Frank #kern #mass #control #revealed: Straggle Haired, Surfer Dude From Cali
he surrounded by the fort lil dude built in Baby Boy
square up my dude.
omg dude, no matter how much you stay to yourself they always have somebody worrying about you.
so fucking happy dude, much love
Dude I don't give a shit what she means hell I don't give a shit about her but I said that her rap sucks
INTRADAY TRADING ONLY
dude I know, that's really some crazy shit
galactic dude's bodyguards are probably called guardians of the galaxy
wtf is this dude ari doing on sc with his tongue ? tryna be sexy and looking stupid astf
DUDE please can you get me all elite. royalty and legandrys or alot of avanced supply drops thx i do not have alot of $ :(
Dude 40\xf8C!
DUDE I NEED THESE
hysterical. my favorite was dude who agreed pratt was goodlooking, then when asked who he was said "f*** if i know!
"Don\'t wear a bra today for breast cancer awareness" What dude though of this?
For the quiet person..when you keep silent on virtually everything, the Bad people define who you are wrongly to the world."Le
Fuck today dude
HAHAHAHAH NOAH NYE i love you dude miss u
the dude sat opposite me is reading a "Yatchs and Yatching" magazine
Dude I was worried XD
that's when you just say fuck it dude if I die I die. Lol
Did I just see a dude getting tortured to death in America? y'all wonder why we say Fuck the Police. Nothing but power made them do that
How to avoid the Top 5 #Crowdfunding Press Release Mistakes:
Vick is still that dude..
FOUND CAT Please share. 10/13/15 My friend found this dude hanging out in the middle of Chelton tonight (10/12)....
Dude, between the haircut, the hat and the desperate Latin..if you're not humping coffee I'll eat my shoes...
Shoutout to the dude in surgery today! Minor setback for a major comeback
dude you say that every week! Why ya?
OMG how the hell did he jump up so high...Nialler you acrobatic little dude
Dude disrespected The Game in front of of his kids then "happen" to get killed 40 days later His answer>;>; #40Days ht
Finally @TheOvertunes!!! I don't know how i love you so badly dude
Music pun
dude is an idiot. He needs to be put in the cage. From London-Manchester- Ankara, turkey eh eh eh
Than have the nerve to smile.... Smh so not cool dude
Lmfaoo this dude funny as hell
Happy Birthday my dude
Dude you dont have to book your Driving Experience immediately. Dont know you taking so long to give what you owe me. Not nice bru.
cheers dude were planning a some stuff with so be ace to talk about that to
In case you didn't already know, is one badass dude. #TheWalkingDead
Who has grading tips on how to say, "Dude, seriously." in a polite way.
America: Russia! What are you gonna do, dude?
dude this video is the fucking geeeeeeeek
The worst person to be around is someone who complains about everything and appreciates nothing.
Follow my big brother The dude is a genius
DUDE I LIE
HOT Dude
how many times you changed your bio i can't keep up dude
DUDE THIS SOOOOOO CRAZY SO MUCH FIRE
Only a true believer fears hypocrisy whereas the hypocrite himself feels safe from it. Hasan al-Basri
yeah i'm jr dude. Call me jeff for short now 8)
NOT In a Cell , NOT In a Casket NOT In a Hospital , GOD, I thank You for another Unpromised Day
#Blowjob,#Squirt,#Sexy,#Fingering,#Bigtits,#wank: Hussy Grannie Allows Young Dude To Play With Her Saggy Assets
your source sucks dude
when are you coming to New Mexico dude?
Hahahaha I know your joking but he was a bad dude in his prime
Roast this dude
My bio prof has this amazing knack to piss me off very early in the day. Props to you, dude
not gonna happen dude
congrats on graduating this week dude
When a male penguin falls in love with a female penguin, he searches the entire beach to find the perfect Pebble to pre
Y'all seen that Barack back to back video addressing trump? Dude that wrote that had BARS! Better than most rap out now. #back
Me too dude... She invent moisture.. Lolol
dude that's creepy
Photo: Colombia - hot athletic lean dude with big uncut dong
ya dude nice Twitter pic... Thanks bro
dude, I cry
"Dude how was that test?" "Man, I\'m just happy I\'m a male"
I didnt even have a say but whatever.... why is he up so early I know why I am but dude....sleeeeep
I'm a nice dude, with some nice dreams, See these ice cubes, see these Ice Creams. - Pharrell
This is just what the dude from GOG was calling it haha
my dude :,)
DUDE I WANNA GO TO ACL SO BAD
A music video with one billion views lol that is crazy very excited for rolling papers 2 my dude
kavinsky: *drugs own mother* *kidnaps matthew* k stans: chill dude it was just a social experiment, the camera's right there :)
Its roadkill season bro Dude I have rode by like 49 dead raccoons
I was supposed to leave 15 minutes ago my clothes STILL aren't dry. fuck me dude.
These are the only pictures I have of Esther...But dude happy birthday Esta! Im glad we've been friends for so long!
On the elevator with a dude that breathes like Brainy from Hey Arnold
Dude no need stress
Right on brother! We booked profits on long USO via put credit spreads also. Be move
Dude, a lot of these men out here are low key bitches. I never seen so many emotional boys with attitudes.
Or bragging about how great strict their diet is. Wow I completely forgot your a fucking pro competitor dude great jo
Always remember #God is #love.
Still got it! Eat your heart out @courtlizcamp. Just got a phone number on my Starbucks cup. Never mind it was from a dude.
I remember way back at T.T.I where my nigga was my senior. That dude always calm humble. God bless ur hustle bro #EffiaSoJa
Happy birthday hope it's a good one dude!!
This dude next to me tried getting on my ass everytime I'm on my phone like stfu!!!
Well enjoy dude, you've earned it and all the hard work that comes with it :D
dude you're that cheesy. No wonder evelyn seem lifeless.
This dude has a fetish of drinking breast milk from new mom's.
Put your trust on her dude.
Just like that and it's over
A dudes guide to #AdaLovelaceDay: She was basically the first computer programmer. Ever. It would be a century before men barged in.
"dropped my taco"... dude that SUCKS!
Start the day on a high note
Dude have been a punk for 6 years
Eurobabe Bessi Fucked By Stranger Dude In Exchange For Money -
Lol that monkey jump against India....
Freshman: Dude what the heck is he wearing, a bow tie what? Me: Watchout buddy I wouldn't think you to understand with your cargos showing
better late than never in college dude don't rush like that.!
Heii dude i have a magical ball
Lol @ plan B. My uncle was an Agric extension worker. Dude had passion for animal rearing. Thank God for plan Bs.
me on set last week before fucked me slutty little pussy
Dude whats wrong with that
I'm glad SPLAM didn't last long enough for this dude to come up
Heck yes, dude! Half marathons are no joke. When are you doing it?
If any dude fucks with my little sister, I will personally make a nice little visit and kick their ass. Ok? #notkidding. @nataleerae_
Dude! Drake and Josh and Hey Arnold!!
Dude cant win because well always assume that our situations wouldve turned out way better.
hendo dude am here for yoyou, Iv got yo back bro
1. I am legit honored by the company you've placed me in. 2. Dude, aleutian up. *smirk*
unbedingt
"Pussy is like chicken, juices should run clear or its bad" I\'m glad Daddy knows clean pussy #superclean #silkpussy
only one person? Damn dude, you need to raise your prices!
I just wish Augustine were here so you could lay some truth on him..dude your tweets would blow his mind.
that dude don't know you lol
i heard there was also a dude with "galactic" something and "god wants me to run" oh m y god
#Minneapolis: King Dude Performing at 7th Street Entry - Oct 24 More:
Whats sleep my dude.
I refuse to date a Spanish dude
enjoy dude! Wish I could be there
AH, , Patch, Dude Soup, whatever the female-castes pod will be, plus if you count the FAQ pods and on the spot and rtes.
ignorant. That's how I describe you right now. Ignorant. Get tf out my mentions rn dude. I don't give ab you anymore u made
well at least I'm not as bad as you dude Hahaha I will never spend $400 at Walmart in one trip! Haha ain't got the funds like that
if my boyfriend ever referred to me as "his bitch" that would no longer be my dude cuz ima treat "that nigga" like a nigg
dude u have been waiting for thanksgiving since like may
damn dude, this coming Monday is our first. Belated congrats.
don't dude me, and you're not a kid, am just teasing.. Enjoy your day, dude!
"trump the type of dude to mock the world\'s poor" "but is the world poor or your soul poor
dude I bought the laptop not him!
this poor dude in his no homo panic
I'm so petty. I hate when people name is Essence or London. Like dude change your name. You're not us lmao
Not your average girl next door...
Dude, there's no battle to be had, here. There really isn't.
come on dude you can do it
Dude walked up to the teacher like he was gonna save his ass from daquan
Coming to check you just now my dude #freerico
omg YIKES dude thats the worst and like u never really know whats happening but ur also hyperaware of everything?
dude me and mom were jammin to that in that in the car
Happy Birthday my dude @Ned_Tasic
Let's just say dope ass and hilarious my dude appreciate all the love
that is goals, dude. My dad doesn't trust tattooed people with colorful hair, and I want both
lmao dude, how many fucking times do you wanna follow then unfollow me? what the fuck?
If dude can't see how perfect you are then he doesn't deserve you! Keep your head up beautiful
Don't you mean the lol Hey dude ! You r the shiz
Good lookin' dude. hubba hubba..lol
Missionary Sex Of This Brunette And Her Dude On The Bed - #pics,#anal,#teen,#hot, #porn,#sex
That was awesome creepy up there. I didn\'t feel alone the whole time either "Dude it just said yes" @
When King David had dude killed so he could marry his wife?! Man, oh man...
dude remember your soon-to-be-business
Today in my politics class a guy said: 'Why women's rights and not human rights?' Dude...
I had a dream where my heart was beating so hard you could see it, and the doctor was like "that\'s normal" and i said "wtf dude?"
stay strong my dude
I want one phone I get 4 the money is taken from me, they ship overnight, but return snail mail. Still had to go to store. #horrid
if envy is an ugly best then right now I am a troll looking dude who has been beaten by an ugly stick.
Dude needs to brainstorm on paper... he's burning up precious ks on here.
dude I had a bad experience at Shula's at the Dolphin (Swan) too, and I'm not picky I swear.
happy birthday my dude!!!!!
not the same dude-is it??
dinner na dude
IF UR TEAM GOT A DUDE PLAYING ACOUSTIC GUITAR IN THE DUGOUT AND UR EATING GREEK YOGU UR OFFENSE PROLLY VERY WEAK
fuck dude - i'm back in college....
I don't need that shit right now dude.
Man I gotta go to work... I ain't got time to shoot with this dude today
I am a very over protective dude just won't change
ol dude gets away with it
I'm still here dude
dude kante why o le so distant?
DuDe I hate families like that. And LOL that's what's important
the other day at my friends album launch concert this dude who ive known for a while was wearing a mcr tshirt and i was like dude!!! mcr!!!
Dude, I classify Nintendo 64 as retro.
happy birthday my dude!!!!!!!!
can sing dude. Now, I am pretty sure I'm gonna his album with these classic tracks. #PSYHiwalay #PushAwardsKathNiels
dude that has no friends.
DM sent dude! Get back to me when you can
Said it before- you gotta write a book, dude. And illustrate it! #HBCisms
Dude, Dell is Getting (Buying) an EMC and VMware Deal
When I order Dominos, the dude that brings it doesn't look like this???
Dude was tryna mix his drank in his Sprite and forgot the lid
Dude, but IndiraG was just a 'Democrat gone wrong', how could you even compare her with fascist Modi's Emergency!
8.Thirst Trapping woman: this the female who sells the illusion of sex on Twitter but only interested in fucking 1 dude us
The goal is to make it to the shop and back without any human contact, the shop dude is an exception.
philosophy dude
All I can say is people suck dude,
dude, you tweet the most interesting stuff
Happy Birthday Dee baby! Miss you my dude! Enjoy your day @DarnellCathey
Bruh American horror story was intense. That dude got sodomized.
Chill dude
This little guy came and said hi to us over the weekend. He's a bit of a cool dude #CamdenMarket
this dude really tryin to play pump it up .. SMFH
. sound design on this is spot on dude, HUGE tune!
I'm pretty sure this dude I'm working with is wearing perfume, actually a lot of perfume.
must add "don\'t get your boxers in a twist, dude." Only works if you relate it to gendered undergarments.
Find this dude and throw him under the jail wit the crooked cops that kill us too. Zero tolerance. #BlackLivesMatter
Angry Dude #viral
Dude, I would not even know how to handle that if I was u. Congrats man.
Everytime you break up with a dude, you automatically become "a hoe"
Circa World War 1, we see privilege. Dude's got a puddle in the trench ALL TO HIMSELF. #AdmitYourWhitePrivilege
I talked about chamere waaaaaaay too much dude.
huh. Cool. Always liked him. Seemed like a decent enough dude, especially in the mma world.
DUDE I KNOW I JUST DIED OMG
hi dude hw r u feeling
I'm not gonna fight over a nigga. Especially if ion give a fuck bout dude
New free #porno #video: Japanese Schoolgirl Fucked By An Older Dude #porn #movie
Just got run off the road on the hwy cause old ass dude doesn't know how to drive
DUDE THE GODDAMN PA WORKS KNOCK IT OFF
Dude didn't anyone warn you?
happy birthday my dude! We need to celebrate our bdays this weekend
yea... When y2k hits... I'm hanging with this dude.
glad dude is better
dude I really like your song. its legit a jam
i dont understand people who don't go out because they have an exam the next week like dude dont kill yourself studying
Now Ken is my dude! Freaking has talent oozing out! He really doesn't need a partner! But the jackasses at 92.3 don't care
Story of my life dude.
where r u dude,im looking for ya. Pls reply my line asap. This is urgent!
dude congrats omg
Dude got lost and ate ants for 6 days wow lol
Sorry dude for all the random shits hahahaha ignore them
Dude , why do kids eat suckers and drop the sucker stems in the floor instead of putting it in the garbage!?
"habla broster"
Be this dude
This dude was advocating Indians to shower love to Pakistanis in the den of Shiv Sainiks, the Tiger's progeny.
DUDE DO A SPONTANEOUS FOLLOW SPREE
Get you a dude with coats
To my utmost dismay, this young dude walked up to the pastor and promise pay the entire 400 million by next week
happy bday limah I miss you dude !
jfc dude xD I waS WAITING FOR YOU AT LUNCH but meh you were probably busy so its aight
Please stop staring at me, dude
dude I have a test and I stay coming late to first
Nahhhh I need the rest lol Bruhh.. this dude killed this Hotline Bling Cover....
#HappyBirthdayDeclan Rock on little dude you're a year old!
I work with a dude that looks and acts like the snitch kid on recess... every day I have to fight the urge to not smack this fool
looking forward to it dude! Haven't been to Plymouth is ages!
when every dude has done you wrong it's hard to believe they ARENT all the same lol. Statements like these come from experience
That Obama back to back video so funny.. Dude two for two with the Obama raps
thank you!!
dude MGS is your baby. If you wrote this script. Props. Got choked up over Quiet.
dude being everwhere in east Asia it seem like lol im still in the mid west of American ... even more bullshitt lol
christmas coming up, gonna be busy at work, planning for the baby - too much dude pre-Christmas AND i need the software
you should really try and please your fans my dude #unsubed
Same day as the US dude. Watching Crazy Ex-Girlfriend Season 1
Dude Doesnt Pull Out, And That Has His Girlfriend PISSED! Looks Fake AF, Tho! - reddit-god
PSA: doing the Chappelle robot dance is still our dude.
Hey Dude how are you? I'm not sure how this works. how's things?
yes dude he's fine I saw him. His car looks pretty bad though
everyone is joaning on him this year because he hasn't played good, the dude is 40 years old....
I lost in fantasy this week to a dude that didn't set his lineup and had 3 inactive players this week start.... Bruh I was undefeated
i just really can't stand your presence like srsly dude
my teacher just said she made a Facebook status about our test grades, because she was so disappointed......what dude
Lmao I remember Crumpler big crying self. Dude stayed crying bout something
dude Corey lives in Greensburg
THAT TOO WITHIYT HIS FACE TF! BUT ATLEAST DAT PIC DUDE!
i dont know what to choose dude. Reunion and girls or new friends and fam hmm hayys
Bragging that you "stole" a girl from another Dude ... Is ONLY ADMITTING that you are Now Dating a girl Capable of being
cannot fucking stand when a dude makes a "daddy issues" comment. Judging by his hatred of women he probably has some mommy issues of his own
o ok thanks my dude
Take it in dude
This dude is getting annoying.
Too far, dude. If I was his girlfriend, it would be OVER! -Megan
great to meet you too dude !
happy Birthday dude
What shit you give to me dude?
dude speaking in tongues
Direct from Dude! What is up with yu?! None of your business. I give yu girls that's it. I fuk who I wanna fuk.
Grimey little girls dude
look dude it's 8 o'clock in the morning. I posted a tweet you the one that wanted me to at you I did now go
The funny thing about this pic is what happens when you dress like dude to the right total outfit $65
hahaha nice dude...I'm not really a fan of dubstep but sometimes I also love to the music and mix music they made...
Just an average dude in a less than average mood
DAVE "Dude, I\'m not touching your balls. The spell will work." #KindleUnlimited
Dude this just made me remember my dream from last night
Always and forever Yuki, youre my dude. Thank you for visiting me in my dreams tonight. I love you forever.
holy fuck dude
s/o to for changing my Twitter stuff and things. thx dude:)
OH in DC: Man in suit: where you last week? I missed you. Homeless dude: I was busy, filling out applications.
Happy birthday dude! @luke_kraus
We are sorry about your experience, Michael! What seems to be the issue. We are here to help ^BethelO
stop playing with me dude
This dude really took his 40,000 car to the cheapest gas in Onteriooo
Fuck jordans, I need a dude with shoe game like this #jordansarenicetootholol
I Know I'm Not A Dumb Ass Dude. Ion Know Everything But I'm More Than Sure That I Know More Than The Dude Hitting Your Phone Rn
&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; who is this dude he seems smart
my mom won't even let me get this little dude
HARRY YOU POSTED A PICTURE OF YOURSELF ON INSTAGRAM OHMYGOD AND YOUR THIGHS ARE SO THICCCCCK DUDE WOW
help me beg the dude o, who says I should be 'careful' how I tweet, because he is twitter police. The nerve. @Dayoijalayejr
dude cold asl
on the rise page is where it's at my dude
Last night we met a very brave little dude called Gavin. Gavin in an old head on young shoulders, so much fun teaching u
Dude fuck my life
this nigga had shit on his face I would've had to knock dude ass tf out
dude did this past week even happen????????
Like chill lil dude
can i call u mister dude @Zedd
Stop spreading the rumors because dude just said it all straight. BOOM.
CAN YOU STOP FLIING WITH MY DUDE, DUDE?
dude the goodnight app will just crash for me when I enable and disable it
dude it's fucking humid as fuck !!
You can send a dude random nudes and he still gone ask for nudes
lol dude it's okay I gave it to you either way
yo dude! Released a new song about a week ago, would love to hear your thoughts on it!
passed an accident on old Shakopee road. an older dude with a Cadillac screaming at this college age girl with a shitty Honda
DUDE HO W DID YOU
...the dude of the plusnet adverts! *giggles* #HeadlineMoney
Chris smiled warmly and nodded. "It\'s no problem. I really mean it, dude." Chris hesitated for a minute before embracing the -
I need something dude shit
Which one say "Your pops is an old dude\'\'? (L to R)
The song composed by Jeet Ganguli written by Manoj Muntashir, you will have goosebumps, I assure u..
dude I was joking -.-
This dude in my class gives 0 fucks
im really mad dude. the time i actually want to make speedpaints the damn trial is up ugh
nah dont. Go study college dude
My momma get omn dude
If you don't know who this dude is check him out dude is a boss ass artist!
>;draws fursona >;fursona has long hair for a dude >;fursona is misgendered
I love it when you do the massive reading and all the questions for a seminar and the dude doesn't even mention them :)
so apparently the dude who made that senior quote found me and it's literally like a meme revealing himself.
BellasTube: #adult #fag #faggot #free #gay #homosexual #porn #queer #sissy #tricked #twin
you're the best dude
Yeah whatever dude
Happy Birthday dude!! #rowdogg #NoBraDay #BlueJays #mvp
If Javed Akhtar was a gujju.. he would hv named his son Farsan Akhtar
I didn't. now y'all chicks trynna act like y'all never met a dude in the club? get y'all asses out my
lmao dude
Ohhhh my god seriously dude. Way to be original
Floating dude. Qucik color pass...
Mississippi Dude Worries Removing Confederate Flag Is Bad For The Jews
OMG dude I'm waking him up and showing him. He can't get outta bed or talk but I dunno I'm speechless. Thank you from the bottom of my heart
when we wait for the bus he says " mommy why you coming " dude.
dude! Yes! Are you friends with her?!? She keeps getting these fugly tattoos.
[followed, dude.]
This dude Nicasio's Story
I LNOW DUDE IT WOULD BE SO FUN!! Too bad john is a bad BF or else the double dates would really be fun BF they're bros
Spec ops dude, what can I say?
dude slide into my DMs
Dude shot a woman wit a stray tryin to hit a bouncer that kicked him out the club? Its a club my nigga... Wtf! Now shes dead n ur on the run
haha haha this is good dude. Soo good
Well, shoot. The dude who stole my glasses is gonna have a baaad time. I'm long-sighted
"This girl has some nice hai- HOLY SHIT IT\'S A DUDE!"
dude cake sounds dank af right now. skip school and bake a cake w me
dude I know what you mean, people just gotta keep pushing
Dude be giving us to much work early morning .
Bout to head to bed dude soz didn't get much sleep last night so I'm stuffed haha. Tomorrow night???
When you run into an acquaintance when high and they start asking you questions and you're like dude I don't even remember my cat's name
the dude in front of you looks like a baby llama
whats wrong with u dude?
I agree in the article dude! Personally don't like the game but definitely no
Our UK office were inspired by the Great British Bake off and are baking cakes for charity each week! !#VBBO
this is 100% a dude with a weird fetish
Hate chorus dude
he's so cute dude
wtf dude. y afraid? is there something big to happen
Nice dude enjoy!
dude for real?!
dude I know
...another cool dude from Brazilian artist Lelin Alves ...#streetart ...#graffitiart ...
this white australian dude interviewing lm just pulled out a wide brim hat he clearly got from party city and called it a mexican hat i.....
My dude looks like Jesus legit
@.kzkbase wel- /laughs/ dude
Tranny Art Shemale in white #lingerie butt fucking a white dude #shemale #tranny
Blame the world, dude
ahahahahah true! Like dude, I didn't know you had it in you!
dude I'm proud of u n u reachin 1 of ur goal
Hey Carlos! i love your vids dude and i want to ask if you\xefre going to play Sonic Rush series?
That dude seriously has a wardrobe problem or he only own one or two pair of clothes.. Invest some money on clothes du
lmao I don't think old dude knows what animal means. God bless the ignorant
lennoxmakesthings: High-five, dude!\xff
Dude!! those were the real compilations
nope. Sorry dude.
\\m/ \\m/ folk-on dude
right dude. I'm really expecting / hoping an album from him in summer 2016
dude idek why I've been waking up late now
dude i literally have $3.25 in my bank account it doesn't get any poorer than that
dude ohmygod
well she isnt straight just bc she dates a dude.
I didn't. now y'all chicks trynna act like y'all never met a dude in the club? get y'all asses out my mentions.
yeah I read it on Internet. U must explain me rules of your famous American football dude, I know only soccer
hoping to get on for 18:00 dude
8.Thirst Trapping woman: this the female who sells the illusion of sex on Twitter but only interested in fucking 1 dude usually a fuckboy.
Dude I'm pretty sure everyone knows about breast cancer. Why aren't we donating for research for breast cancer instead? #NoBraDay
Why wouldn't a lazy-ass click monger sportsy dude do a Whitt2USC, it'll get Ute fans underpants in a bunch and soothes BYU fans' Ute envy?
To early for this dude
So in other words its some nignorant bullshit made up and accepted by one dude. You are a moron.
Dude I so would! But I'm in this stupid college success class.
best senior pics I've seen dude. Haha I saw you before you got them done I think
PLUS LIKE. You really have to turn it around. What college age dude has a thing for middle schoolers????? Without being jailed????
dude... @Ohnoffris
Yoo ur new prank is blowing up in the norwegian media! Good job one the prank dude! :D #SmileMore
Im gone beat the fuck out of dude on God
theBalm Nude Dude Review + Swatches
This dude knows his shit.
I dunno-the youtube vid of the dude pulled over on the riding lawnmower who just starts peeing...classic #IKNOWMAHRIGHTS
Dude sleepy
I do try my best dude!
OH AND THEN BENNY APPROACH JAN LIKE DUDE WHAT HAPPENED. AND JAN JUST GRABS BENNY LIKE BRO U GOTTA GO CHECK ON HIM
So class is dead silent and out of nowhere this dude goes "BITCH HOW YOU NOT KNOW IM GAY AS HELL"
cold world out here my dude
Yo Dapper Dan I have to meet him man . That dude inspires me .
took a pic with him tonight! Cool dude! Thanks!!
dis cameo gt d whole Space cllg dude..lyk why so imprtnce!? :/
I agree in the article dude! Personally don't like the game but definitely not a Bfield clone!
dude voice freaking irks the hell out of me! And he is always talking about his football career,dude please
dude I swaer I tried to screenshot this and send it to yall
Just danced for a dude who's a dead ringer for Derryn Hinch.
only Dude Alyssa the hottest celebrity.. So sweet, romantic, and lov
because I dare not post a picture of you without her.. JMac, dude who am
Thank you dude!:
dude give up defending the crown..
this dude just asked my teacher " is the next thing we doing up downs"
I'm in a great mood dude and idk how cause I was woken up today.
Is that Harry in his IG post ? Or some other dude
Dude i cant even complain im sneaking around to sit down , i just wanna go to sleep!!
nO ITS THE OTHER DUDE FORGOT HIS NAME
Dude is angry, pipe down mate. Only an opinion don't stress it
they don't look shitty dude holy fuckkk
I just be looking at my dude thinking like how did I get his fine asssss?
"Queens know how to keep their King alive" - Farrakhan The audacity of this dude. Who\'s killing Black Cis and Trans W
good luck man! get your ass down there and work dude
Good luck to the dude on surgery today @lopretovincent
nah dude
dude, I have a curse in my account!!! I can't to play with vayne, I always lose and always two or more disconnect players! it's a sucks
Some dude is crushing a tall boy outside the train station. He's in business casual. I hope his boss is a Cubs fan.
dude Aria didnt take the pressure there how muh more me ??
i look like a dude.. Lol thank you dee
Guy in the car ahead of me this morning threw a banana peel out the window. Poor dude had no idea I was holding 3 red shells. #toadsturnpike
bruh me and dude gone do some for you man! You driving to school Thursday??
ughhhhh this dr dude just walked past me wearing a shirt that said "got propofol?"
dude, just get yourself out of here. No one called you in. Be a bitch that you are.
ya dude. one good thing about ns
That dancer dude uses too many hashtags
Dude, Selena just canceled her subscription to Giant Bomb. That and because she thinks Tony Hawk 5 could be
when you catch dude starin at you in class
Wow. I think he is sore! LOL Nice job dude! calendar is a BIG HIT every year !!
Dude my head hurts so bad
Dude said Wifi Sex #RickeySmileyMorningShow
Happy birthday have a good day dude
You're not alone dude. I'm a Cowboys fan from Ct as well. Since the days of Dorsett
What an awesome game to go to this dude is to funny with his lucky beads
This dude cell says "noo" and gets almost 30 favs
right back at you, Dude!
Just a heads up! Dude flashing his junk at G train Greenpoint stop (on Bklyn bound platform). Cream colored clothes. Look away!
yeah he is. That dude is sick.
DUDE IM GONNA RAZZ YOU HARD
someone seems to have woken up from his long political hibernation...
yes yes YES YES but i dont recall. Was the dude blind
Dude talking about his thesis and Obama's approach to law school just called someone pretentious ... pot meet kettle
that's not my dude .. he can't touch me
Hollywood Undead is the shit dude
Happy birthday dude :-) Hope your day is totally awesome ps we need to go back to McDonald's
oh duhhh. I was sooo confused dude.
dude. Thank you for replying. I never lost hope that you'd finish your gem. Can't wait to stream it and make conten
watch where you are touching dude
my dude Lydey thank u
Sugar tax evidence 'being withheld': The head of Public Health England is being hauled before MPs amid accusat...
pretty good my dude! sorry didn't see this. Just busy wit schol/work. Wbu?? I can game tonight tho if you're in.
can I get a retweet from the best dude ever?
come and teach me...but wait I am the topper in English in class dude
My gas receipt is giving me life tips "Honor God, Serve People" dude I\'m just happy I got a solid $34.00 not $34.01
You should get what you deserve, that's a dude like me
The dude next to me is holding his girlfriends elbow so that she doesn't bump into me. #MumbaiLocalKeNamune
go too school dude
you need to wath teen wolf dude
This little dude deserves endless retweets...
Yess!
Dude that's hilarious
record upload on youtube dude,please
oioiii tell your mortal enemy bandmate laddy lad dude bro pal to post a selfie with you
Can't. They're the same. Ladies, how can you tell a thirsty dude from an interested dude?
Bea Biance, it's THANKS not THANKSH! Peace dude, i just dont like you #PSYHiwalay kn #PushAwardsKathNiels
nice choice dude .
Le'veon been that dude
it smell just like dude in my car cause of that black ice
That's a fascinating list of people you have there, dude. Good luck. This is becoming more like state.fm
sup dude thanks for the follow.
very much would like to play this mod at some point, good commentary too dude!
fuck yes dude, fucking preach. Shit cunts like jameszy ruin this community. Im glad he blocked me.
Dang, that Syarif dude just posted a pic of him at Burger Lobster I miss that place well I miss the lobster
If the State Farm dude was Black.
it was that old dude that almost did
Dude I think my uber driver is drunk lmaoooo ok, thank u thank u
yes!!! Give Freeman his respect
OK dude. I was being civil. I apologized like a man cause I didn't see ur tweet. I was never rude. Never called you names.
I JUST WANNA SLEEP AND DAY IN MY BED ALL DAY IS THAT TOP MUCH TO ASK FOR?!?
A misunderstood dude? HE MURDERED JOHN!! Sorry, I had to. lol
I love my pops that's my homie dude ass funny asl
dude skars like a thick gold chain.
YOUR REPS SUCK! THEY JUST COST U A GREAT CUSTOMER!!!! #SHITTYSERVICE
dude I had a fever yesterday and a slight one today. Left BG felt super sick and still not feeling well. They poisoned us.
"\'How do I look?\' \'Like the ugliest shanky girl Ive ever seen. You better thank the gods above you were born a dude.\' \'T
its k dude its 5 am and im ready for school
Ashton5SOS Hi dude. how are you? you make me smile and believe in miracles if you follow me,I'll piss boiling water3.444
Ashton5SOS Hi dude. how are you? you make me smile and believe in miracles if you follow me,I'll piss boiling water3.443
Ashton5SOS Hi dude. how are you? you make me smile and believe in miracles if you follow me,I'll piss boiling water3.442
Ashton5SOS Hi dude. how are you? you make me smile and believe in miracles if you follow me,I'll piss boiling water3.441
Ashton5SOS Hi dude. how are you? you make me smile and believe in miracles if you follow me,I'll piss boiling water3.440
True story dude.
dude killed it
Smoke Dragon Breeder! I just bred a Smoke Dragon in DragonVale! Visit my park to check it out!
I like that he made Sanha a little stick and Minhyuk a BIG BEEFY BUFF DUDE
ofcourse dude
dude it wont be the same
I feel like if we're both the same age, don't talk too me like I'm 13 dude..
dude same!
Best of luck to my boy as he joins the navy! Gonna miss you dude but we'll see you soon
happy birthday dude! stay lit
Still don't got the time for a dude to be acting iffy..
if the dude would just shut up! But yeah, she's awesome
dude that is so intense. Lmao and it's so clear. Hahaha
Cops arrest dude for writing fck the fcking cops on Facebook
I'm not referring to THAT dude. WALA AKONG PAKE SA KANYA. I'm referring to some who messaged me. I got alot of DMs.
when u take u ur fans plz tell me cuz I am one of them I always miss it Have a Good day dude
dude got her mind gone
literally says whilst a dude is sucking him off
For fucking real dude
wow great news! hey dude first of all happy dashain!
is there any guy worse than 'serious metal guy'? some dude in 3 1/4 length shorts and a pony tail trying to tell you off
Dude, were you serious about donating $20 for a month just ONCE for a pathtag? I want one SO!
DUDE IK THATS WHAT IM HOPING FOR
if you need and I to teach some dude a lesson, we'll be happy to throw down.
DUDE DAME HERE. It's been twitching since Friday
Dude Alyssa doong... Very romantic couple @ichalys
Dude tbh is the only girl for me cuz she hella bomb and hella funny
Best of luck to my dude in Cali! Sad to see ya go bud!
yall too fucking grown to be telling all yall business on fucking twitter dude.
this dude is a maniac
I'm freaking crazy about Cameron hahahaha Fangirling is not easy dude
Congrats to my buddy for getting to the 1k follower maerk on twitch Congrats dude
Whatever is most comfortable for you dude..
dude I am brand new to this app I'm SORRY
Dude Doesnt Pull Out, His Girlfriend's Response Is What You Would Expect!>;>;>;>;>;>;
When a sloppy dude offers workout advice &lt;&lt;&lt;
As some random dude on the internet, sure! I follow a bunch of folks who I find interesting. As a public figure? I
:D Cant wait dude &lt;3
DUDE SLAPPED THE SOUL OUTTA HER!
my grandma seen i had cash and the first thing she said can I get 20? really dude. lol, that's my old lady of course I handed it over.
dude why are u faving every thing i write
This is gross dude. Cut it out.
#FannySniffing,#WetPants,#Panties,#HairyTeens,#Moms: Amazing Blond Slut Makes A Horny Dude To Suck The Dick...
thanks my dude!
is my dude Jabriel back ?
this dude brought a type writer ayeeeeeeeee
Dude is really carrying a red solo cup on the bus.
Guys I woke up in such a good mood jamming walking around studying to class the wind was blowing my hair lol I feel so ugh dude why
Lol wait what is there a video of that guy dude sounds funny
Think that's dude name
Moved seats on the Orange Line when I realized the dude 2 seats over was shooting up heroin. Good times. #MBTA
A lot of Bielema bashing going on. Dude has put a ton of players in the pros. There just ain't many coaches who will win a lot in the SEC-W
A leader's creed. #JK #CP #BeHeard htt
dude u got 31 rt face reveal!!
That's the kind of dude I was looking for, and YES you'll get slapped if you lookin hoe
Met today - lovely fella even said he'd be up for a visit of the school: What a dude!
This dude stopped me cuz he thought I was Curren$y, then sold me a DVD lol
Dude you better be awake or you'll miss your appointment today @ShawnMendes
my number one pet peeve is when people misspell the simplest words, like go back to 3rd grade dude.
dude I was playing historic Dom vs the Mavs and I got 3 golds and I was like omfg Nash or dirk........ Nick van fucking excel
when my brother just finished the american-apparel-underwear music video and me just like you okay dude?
Lisa Ann, Nicole Aniston Jessica Jaymes. This Dude's Died Gone 2 Heaven! #porn #EDM #freeporn
My mans deshawn is one funny dude
Happy Birthday my dude!!! @tiagom77
so a book by one dude, that you cant actually point to any scientific journals or historical shit?
dude I've been trying to find that pic everywhere
When a dude find out you hoop "you not good though ,play me one on one???
ITS OCTOBER DUDE NOT NOVEMBER
Dude I just wanted to hit 10k by the end of the year :-(
I never knew it would come to not even looking or talking to dude
Dude passes us on S Albert going about 80 (maybe more) and we catch up to him at the Tims line. We even got stopped at a red on 31st BULKHD
DUDE @Harry_Styles
bts exo red velvet got7 dude
I just yelled "David!" In the parking lot at some dude that wasn\'t you #Woops @thisguydavidd
Dude. Adult life sucks.
dude wtf are you saying is this real is sami zayn going to evolve ? wake me up
This dude next to me said Leonardo da Vinci is his favorite actor. Lol
This dude knows wassup
The fact dude was off that Henn talking crazy made it even more relatable
sorry to hear dude
National no bra day today? Dude, nice
jimin let go of yoongi\'s hand he was like "dude where is your hand" and looked at jimin and grabbed his hand
Dude. Go shave your mustache. Just because i| looks good on your mother doesn't mean you can wear it well,
Fuck my anxiety dude one day I'm calm as can be and then another I'm off the walls
Dude, I feel your pain so much
Seen a dude get w/ lady who forearm shivered folks waiting at carousel to get to front, bag wasn't there or close
do something about it my dude
haha same as me dude...but I also love another rock,rap and high energy band and singers like Avenged Sevenfold, Eminem etc
Alright dude u have AC 4?
Free my old dude
dude! U did not understand the tweet.
When your trying to turn at a red light but the dude in front is waiting to go straight
dude this epic, that on a baseball tee and I'm in
LMAO DUDE LOOK LIKE COREY IN THE HOUSE AND LOOK AT THE END LOLOL
dude, its crazy out there. Stay safe speed racer...
Dude what the hell do I be for Halloween
Dude I work with you every day of the week... Nothing's new
Fat dude on DA snoring. Smells like bacon. #joysofpublictransport #iveseenworse
ha back to sleep
Haha I love you dude.
thnks dude *inserts spoon*
awh man dude, this is like the third day youve left me alone in 7th
"the senior hallway is so lit" "dude, it is literally lit"
This dude in my class said we are related to bananas
if you listen closely dude in the back goes "dem braids comin our fast" DONE
haey dude..
Dude in Botany class: "If she isn\'t grading the homework then I\'m not doing it." Are you sure you\'re in the right place? This is college.
dude we need to hang more then
"\'How do I look?\' \'Like the ugliest shanky girl Ive ever seen. You better thank the gods above you were born a dude.\' \'Thanks.\'"
how did u send him titpics if u r dude
chill dude I would never
if my boyfriend ever referred to me as "his bitch" that would no longer be my dude cuz ima treat "that nigga" like a nigga on the street
speaking of kids...I used an emoji in a text yesterday to the boy and he was like "I DID NOT KNOW YOU USED THOSE." Dude....
Dude, as you can see I'm stuck with the maknae line okay but for now i'll let it be Taehyung
Some dude who likes balls on his chin
Ha! Checkout this article. One of those names is on there. I like Mike Gundy and LSU dude.
The real friendship is like fluorescence, it shines better when everything has darken. -Rabindranath Tagore
Check out @NacionalAngelo's Tweet: pa retweet dude !
miss you too dude
I walked in and the two people that were in here said to me, woah dude you actually came to class
I've been telling myself this for the last 10 years dude
This dude is fiddling with his phone. Is he getting info to answer the questions ?!
Dude, am I high? Did set this up? The Jizzle is getting mad, bro!
dude you worked two shifts
that's disgusting dude...
If a dude named ask you for a feat tell em have that paper first! he a liar!
#fat,#Babe,#chubby,#teen,#bbw,#porn,#BBW,#Fatty: Cock Crazed Nymphos Take Turns Sucking One Lucky Dude's Cock
hahhahhahahaha dude shit had me on the floor cause only one thing came to mind
Dude! He went to a school that gave him his degree. The school doesn't exist any longer according to the media.
dude come on where's my price !!! U gotta stay focused
dude is killing me with this car smh thank God I got patients but I'm itching to drive
dude I kinda am
Need ma friends back dude
dude wtf lol
chill EySee..the dude apparently is doing it on purpose to create news, wants to have a hitch on aldus popula
What exactly do I look like going to school and working everyday single day to come home to some sorry dude? NEXT
I fuck with on that rap tip but after dude got slept #DBC aint been the same
WELP. Started off my morning to a dude literally shitting all over my subway station. I almost threw up.
Donghyuk: I was wondering if YG would give me a stage name and Bobby hyung was like "dude, you debuted already" and I was like
"Dude my nipple hurts! I feel like I just breast fed a baby." -Unknown Source
Dude this cough is pissing me tf off
taking a dab this early has me like
i just look mad all the time, it's not just you dude i dont hate you ugly.
This dude fell on the ground cause he was laughing so hard
Theadore Ted Fetherston dude.....
dude had fake nacs smh new sb recruit inbound named sb splat
dude your ausm !!!!
I'll keep support behind you even you'll never see me again. I'll keep wishing all the best for you, dude{}
This is a dude, 2 hours to do that hair
dude for the last 3 months my gta online has been broken
dude i feel like straight shit.
Someone just said something racist. I go, that\'s racists dude. And he goes "so?" #NoValue
#Wonkette #FUN Mississippi Dude Worries Removing Confederate Flag Is Bad For The Jews: ... #Satire #Commies :-)
you can sing dude !
lol he's such a cool dude
Loving 123 slaughter me street dude Excellent work with the game loved it from start to finish.
Mississippi Dude Worries Removing Confederate Flag Is Bad For The Jews: Also worries that ... #politics #gossip
dude so many ppl on this earth wouldn't know other ppl if it wasn't for me like ur welcome all
#Wonkette Mississippi Dude Worries Removing Confederate Flag Is Bad For The Jews: Also worries that anti-swa...
So I totally told dude that I thought he was a weirdo or did I say creep
Read this dude!!
I needa take a shit and this dude taking forever
thank you reply!He is chill!That's so mean,dude! It was also good The Time Has Come in other(^o^)
bahahaha you crack me up dude. You always buy the funniest most random shit online
It sucks liking a dude that's cocky af like frfr
this whole and thing has gotten way out of hand dude. response video being edited right now
Im arguing with an old dude who WILL NOT FUCKING LET AN IDIOTIC LITTLE THING GO!
it would be creepy if a fat ugly dude was staring at a chick so your statement is invalid
this dude always talks to me in the morning like no dude
Dude....you're Fez!! Why would we not
dude that happened to me in 7th grade. I threw up as soon as I stepped off. Good luck
is funny. Not being sarcastic. Feel bad for the guy, he's not the dude making 35 million to carry that team.
dude wtf harry has such artistic photos kill me now
yo dude can you make me a thumbnail?
dude grow up blame a particular person blaming an entire tribe when you have not met us all is stupid @_R
Anyone tossed out Dude, youre getting a platform! yet?
oh, k. idc, gth. srsly. fck off dude
dude, it's ubisoft... there's no difference between watch dogs, assassins creed and far cry
My dude always come through ..
Wtf is life my dude
Lol @ the dude wearing a Cardinals jacket at the train station. Gtfo #GoCubsGo #LetsGo @sdkluber
really sorry to hear that dude
you just got here dude
Dude he literally is the most ignorant guy ever no one fucks w him lmao boys are so stupid in general
then dude came into the wrong mention today. Got more than he bargained for
"and you are the way my heart breaks" dude fuck you. Not helping hahahaha
dude you're funny af! Keep it up man
you and me both, dude! I've been thinking about bein a dad a lot lately >;~..~&lt;
wowwww dude
Someone is so upset I won't have sex with him, like seriously. Get it through your skull dude, sex isn't everything.
SOMEONE PAGE BEAUTIFUL DUDE!!
it all depends on age to me, I just can't be with a dude who isn't ambitious and making something outta himself.
Dude... Chillstep is so good to listen when you are working~ via @YouTube
Never met... small talked like twice. Dude...
I'm too sick for school dude
lmao dude wtf
dude I been single for two years this isn't cool lmao
How many people went and got that tractor song after seeing dude dance to it?
Dude. Wtf are you trying to kill me, srsly. Love you tho and hope you're wellxxx
handicapped bus driver* srsly tho???? this dude could have turned around and gone up another st easily
My stripper name would be Old Cardigan.
and bc im surprisingly a good person i try and share How i started feeling so healthy bc i do want everyone to feel as great , dude
Crazy Ex-GF Sends Harassing Texts, But Dude Shuts Her Down Quick - reddit-god
Oh man, sorry dude.
"Dude, I\'m not in school anymore. Why would I want to open a book ?"
Dude. It's not ME who gave the #Cowboys an 'F.' It's Hardy himself. Good lord.
in a little dude at like 10 is that fine
actual dude
It's big bros birthday! Happy birthday dude, I hope it's great hoss!
that's sick dude
dude I miss you man thank you
Hi dude! Hey Everybody is so good, keep it up guys #HeyEverybody we are proud of you.
village around here. It's a bit odd to found people who never heard about it. well seems forgot that this dude here is
Dude yes.
told him to stop talkin to me he said "that\'s why ur shaped like that bagel!!" Dude... Who the fuck thinks you\'re attractive gimme 1 person
dude punctuation, grow up
College guys are so basic I literally just watched a snap of a dude making cereal with cut up apples and the caption was "Chef status" .....
Happy Chris Columbus Day! I don't care what you say. This is the dude who discovered America, when he directed Home Alo
trailer for next week dude HE'S GONNA SHOW THESE HUMANS HOW TO PAY
could be worse... Hell you're going to be on tv today! Realize how important it is to spread knowledge my dude
Today dude
Haha, thank you dude! And yes, I am that young ;3
This is the dude people say Messi is light years ahead of!
Cheers dude ill have a look :)
Dude gon ask me" who\'s would be better j Cole and Kendrick project or Future\'s n drake\'s?" Gave him the longest face
dude's stealing your #brand
ssup dude, yea im a hustler.
I was a cold dude, I'm getting back to my ways
Omfg dude stop talking about yourself kthxfuckoff
dude I've seen that before, it's not canceled
There's this dude playing LoL on the school computers here.
dude....Starbucks is always a view to behold. So precious XD
dude, you'd appreciate this place ( ) in Denver... Pretty sure it was right up your alley!
hire this dude you guys
dude ur waist it like jahcusjcjishfc. wtf man. bruh. help us. how. what.
Dude, I broke out my winter coat this morning.
Why, oh why, did I get 1 hour of sleep last night? //pulls up "cool dude has chill day" Ah. Right.
dude that's fucked up!!
OLA is the name Goodmorning dude.
I'm jp it's the dude from drake josh knew you was playing
WOAH well today may seem like a normal day but some dude killed himself today.. Well that's what i heard ..
HAPPY BIHDAY! Apparently we only take photos in which no more than half of my face is showing. Love ya dude
dude, so accurate
understandable. Baseball just doesn't have the appeal for me like it did when my dude steve buechele was playing.
Dude snapped at a Checkers employee for not giving him assistance. Turns out it was just a lady dressed in Black White
some dude just fell off his segway outside primark lool
Is it Myungjun, xd dude you're awesome I love you TT
#nf thx for looking out for my dude #AksSalute 2 u
dude it was actually pretty tasty. I did spinach, carrot, ginger and a bit of apple juice.
nvm dude, I retract my statement
This dude grossed 155k last year wow
I just can't stand seeing some Senators seating down there to collect heavy amount of money monthly Doing...
Tired of everybody dude!!!!!!!!
If you were the dude, what would you like to receive? ahehehehe i think the dude version of me wouldn't be that m
dude Idk lol
Wtf is wrong with this dude It's cold outside put your window up
I tend to call my boyfriend dude
Dude I don't get how you can be that big in high school, like did you eat McDonalds as breakfast lunch and dinner?
dude im in celebratory mood here dont mess up my high
hey dude. Great to get wishes from you !
happy birthday dude, have a good one
happy birthday dude @Bthroop_13
Walked into my lecture hall and all the lights are off. Flip them on and a dude is sitting there shaking his head at me. I'll bust ya.
As in! Dude be killing me with his comedy.
Dude omg that's my most hated line ever lol like agh I straight up just say I am a guy like me hahahah
For a dude that calls himself a redneck, you sure spend a lot of fuckin time on facebook posting pictures of other dudes trucks.
Man ain't no hoes on da TL so it's boring ...they usually wake up at some dude house about 9...9:30
dude - icha dong
Fuck over a good dude for a coke head that ain't shit? they gon end up on true life
The tallest dude ever just came on the train. He needs to take off his suit and put on some gym shorts. He should be starting center
I don't like that dude but still you follow and retweet that fucker.. Does it even make any sense??Fuck you
Dude was fed up lol
This dude that just parked next to me is brushing his teeth.. Who tf brushes their teeth in a car? Lol
not even worth is. Dude used to get killed more than derpy
dude i crossed you
Look at dude in the background ..
Dude at the coffee shop got a latte, deliberately let it go completely cold, then chugged the whole thing at once. SATAN IS AMONG US
so proud of you dude. Have an amazing day. Love ya
Ima smooth dude boo.
Need to catch up politic with my Big Homie.. Dude always was able to keep me level headed!!!
When Bae don't appreciate nothing
He\'s like "want to talk or nah" nah dude nah
dude it's legit. Who do u think is blowing the horn??
so glad I got to see my dude last night. Love you so much bro
i'm so dead dude what the fuck that's so nasty i gotta go
Saved this one from #DaddyDaycare on the weekend. #LincolnCharles is the happiest lil dude and so fun
#FF back sweet dude
Dude lady killer
dude you got some competition
I like how Iggy Pop is playing Lucifer(?) and Slash is just himself as always and the EoDM dude is like a cowboy
dude do you think that you're the calendar?
I pray for the people following that dude and his relationship advice that's some of the worst advice I've ever seen
Straight fucking bullshit dude
A dude from my school whim I never really spoke to jsut starteessagung me nah m8 adios
Feel sorry for that customer sorry dude couldn't hold it down anymore
dude nice!!! I wish I had the motivation for this
happy to hear vick won lastnight. thats still my dude
The dude was just celebrating is birthday yesterday and those sarz got his ass arrested..free #ultimate
Wow! Really Eddie? Sorry,I'm sticking with Sammy on this one. You're wrong dude. Just Sayin'.
I could swear we have a picture but I'm lazy and don't wanna find it but happy birthday to my dude @ator1013
dude i need a banner for my youtube like shit
Aye that's fire! Tear my shit up my dude
Anyone in D.C. up for coffee and a side of networking with a most awesome recent college grad? Great dude and a cousin of mine!
No problem, dude! ^__^
Update: I went on a date with this dude and it was horrible oh my god. I gag each time I think about the date.
Dude, The #Award is #Token. Central issue is #Protest. Against your daddy #Feku. The man with many #Suites.
No not every dude wants his balls sucked. So ask questions.
Cool dude! -Danni
thats why i love cat dude
dude i've had this one for like half a year already so....
mmk. just chill somehow dude
But on another note I saw a dude who's hairline started in the middle of his head.
"other things" dude you\'re basically a pro at forced induction
You are daily dose of entertainment for me.... Some of your jokes are mind-blowing... Can't unfollow .. Sorry.
Some nigga just asked if I was a dude would I hit that to some lady that's like 50 and I go yea and he goes me to with a car lmfaooooo
Bruh this dude keeps asking about my Blob. He jocking me on the low. lol lol
Dude this tweet is so accurate
Dude from work said he didn't like the fast and furious movies bruh go home
Love you too dude.
Dude Twitter arguments make me feel like I'm cool :^)
This prof tells me to calm down whenever I talk to him like dude wallah I'm calm wtf????
That's some serious pain. Good luck, dude! Can't wait to see it.
I'm such a mature ass dude lol I thought I wasnt
dude yes! They told us not to wash our hair bc it'd freeze! Then it snowed
I'm the dude in the fetching blue cardigan that makes me look 40 ;)
This dude won't shut up and do his WORK
cheers dude!!
happy I will dude hahah thanks
dude I'm staying single idec
dude it's 7am and I'm not even two sips into my coffee so maybe try an actual substantive response since I'm being civil to you
dude are you down?!
I'm jp it's the dude from drake josh
Yay! :D Good work, Squirrely Dude!
"that drummer dude seems like a cool guy" - my dad talking about Ashton Irwin
Don't assume every dude wants porn star sex. So ask questions.
you're off the losing skid dude! Now is when you make your 7 game run
ahhhhh I'm so proud of you dude! Can't wait to hear it all put together :)
He can other-dude-me after giving me my pictures. @iBakasura
Thank you everyone for coming and making that such a good night. MSG. Unreal!!! Happy bday dude
@ my fucking boyfriend dude! Hate that shit so much.
dude is handcuffed to a chair, tased in the dick, tortured before his death in custody. video released last night
I hate people who do 4+ station workouts. Gee thanks dude nobody wanted to use any of those for the next hour.
dude that is so you
Do you ever jus catfish a dude in ur neighborhood bc same
Di wow, dude. Shut up.
change yo password dude
they gon ask who that is cuz that ain't dude!
Dude you're gay
dude ! Super excited to see you at magcon! Its gunna be sweet !!
11 Philosophical Rejection Lines For That Dude At The Bar
Dude intimidated them o! gba be
and ppl i dont like like lol she has no bounderies like this is my house dude
When Ricky told Taeoh that he called Kai to play with him I was like "OOOOHH DUDE TALKING ABOUT MY HUSBAND" where is my sense of shame
dude wtf is diz batas Commonwealth thing ugghh
nice hat dude !
Dude making doctor money with a 4th grade education.
Bye dude! Thankyou sa lahat.
Dude YES then they wonder why guys are such dicks and can't trust anybody like dude chill. Quit craving attention
He's a cool looking dude! Great photo amigo!
This dude called me Cynthia like nigga u got me for 2 classes
For some reason, Im constantly scared for my life because Im Italian and I feel like an immortal Japanese dude is gonna kill me.
dude I did that with sunscreen a few months ago lol
dude how many accounts do you have? :p
I traveled to the depths of space and brought back an ancient cave dude and Martian babe. #adventure
Naughty #Teen ... - - #Amateur #Beautiful #Blonde #Cowgirl #Cum #Cums
Totally rooting for that Angel dude.
hahahahaha that dude has a point! Lol
Fuck dude
my girlfriend wants me to spend time with her family so I wanted everybody to know including you dude...all is good next week
Free My Old EASTSIDE Dude
Everybody trynna take pics wit me
stop fucking playing dude
I ain't subscribing to a paper to just read ads dude. There is a balance.
dude grow up blame a particular person blaming an entire tribe when you have not met us all is stupid @_Rapporteur
Just got vegan-fucked! Tea 1,50 but FRESH tea 3,40. The dude should have mentioned. Fucker!
love ya too dude
Dude, they played so far from rules norms that we all felt/feel the pain!
easy: if there is frost and ice near a guy then he is cool. note that a if a guy has glass of ice = dude's a poser
oh ya dude what about that 62 I dropped in madden? Hahah thanks though
Chris Columbus, HOLLA!!! Dude sailed the open, unknown seas in wooden boat during hurricane season. Theres parts of Detroit
I need that effen #BoyzNbucks biker shirt....am in Durbs... please hala back dude :)
This dude has the entire bottle of cologne on. The whole neighborhood
DUDE HOW EXCITED ARE YOU FOR #MadeInTheAM BC I AM FREAKIN PUMPED
Dude oml
Dude has no chill, are you sure he isn't Nigerian
lol why you up so early dude
The Tosin that I know ehn" She prolly has small boobs" Tosin I trust u" -__-"@ITsCINDY3
Literally would marry this dude
my freaking brother takes my phone and posts on snapchat all the damn time why my phone dude i need it
just found a post on it, yeah.. it looks like you are right dude! Cool.
not too sure dude, check for like 3rd party installations or something.
that dude walked out with 2300 he was killing it.
It's my lil dude bday today. Happy birfday nephew
chill EySee..the dude apparently is doing it on purpose to create news, wants to have a hitch on aldus popularity probably.
shout out to you Homie fuck yea my dude thanks for the follow!
but more importantly, can you still play Block Dude?
the original is terrible dude. By far the worst energy drink ever haha
Naughty #Teen ... - - #Amateur #Beautiful #Blonde #Cowgirl #Cum #Cumshot #Hardcore
Awesome pic - Texas dude in a beautiful car #roadtrip - what could be better?
In Straight Out Of Compton can someone explain why this big ass black dude was at the managers house lmao. Funniest scene.
haha yup its an awesome song right...you a fan of linkin park dude?
that's an amazing series dude, very good times :)
Page 150 Awake at Dawn "At this point Lucus ain\'t got shite on this dude"
some asshole yelled at a handicapped bus because he had to park diagonally for the ramp to reach my driveway. fuck you dude, fight me
her fucking boobs dude
Kain pa more dude #OTWOLReunited CLeaH #PushAwardsJaDines
I'll know for next time dude! Thanks
The other Jara is an awesome dude. I will always love making puns with him
dude grits take commitment lol
thanks my dude I'll see you guys this week/weekend for sure man
dude!!! i have NyQuil AND DayQuil for you!!!! and your not even here
My dude making bank now @freshAssjuice
dude that's my cousin
Some dude just walked onto the bus and asked if they take credit card.. #FirstTimer #ItHappens #notreallytho
Why this dude look like an alien that should've been killed in men in black
I overheard a girl asking "table dalam BM apa eh?". Dude, that\'s even worse than my "azam (tahun baru) tu apa?"..!! cc 0408 peeps.
- domestic incident happened in my apartments the other day .. I wanted dude to beat the hell out of that chick
Dude just ran past my van limp wristed with both hands I offered him candy now he's in the back
Lol! Dude...Ai Nee Such Disrespect
Dude really showed up last night. Hope that's consistent going forward.
That dude that filed for presidency claiming aliens made him do it. Maybe his heart is in the right place. At least he stepped up. Howboutu?
Beam of light from d heavens I'm a supreme dude. Only time I let d these haters SHINE I'm getting clean shoes. - @BoogeyThat
Dude, this guy's average hotel bar tab was like $350 bucks on the road!
dude. You made our day. me, elijah, kyle.
Dude i like it too obviously, but for me its not that amazing, maybe its just my like
#CuteTeens,#perv,#sex,#teenspy,#wanking,#horny,#handjob: Sammi Is Showing Off Her Beautiful Beach Body With...
dude mybad
anything dude, just zueira of morning
it's only tuesday dude
Hope everything gets better with you dude.
I asked dan Narlock if he needed anything with my sisters Kate spade discount and he said this. What a good dude
yeah dude for sure
UFs season isn't over. went 354/572 for 5894 yrds in HS and threw 75 TDs he also rushed for 2344 and 42 TDs. He is that dude.
dude your dress you guys looked amazing&lt;3 @Cmease000
I'm too hungover pa sa midterms dude. Ugh I don't even know how I'm gonna deal w/ the Queen of Hearts tomo.
and to tell you bruh. You make me feel like i am the one who's responsible to take all the blame. TF dude.
and asks me if he's leaving. I said yes and the dude almost started tearing looool
Guy: hey man you think I'll have service in Afghanistan? Me: I don't think so dude ....
please play dude looks like a lady by Aerosmith for your oldies hour? It will make our work day :)
This dude just pulled out a can of pineapples from his backpack for his breakfast..
Not all Dude (I'll go crazy with that) I'll give her what I'll do tomorrow or the next day
dude seriously, fuck trains that pass during Baton Rouge
lol that wasn't grinding dude
Guy: Excuse me miss, do you have any change? Me: Dude, I'm up at 2am buying TimTams and mixers. Do I look like someone with actual cash?
Dude, stop.
S/O to my dude for hosting me at his spot. Rob good look out. Buy Pimpin' Ken new
Me: "DUDE I LOOK OLD!" : "It\'s okay... I look good" Me: "This is why you\'re my friend."
Lil father son breakfast at the school this am... Love that lil dude
hey I'm proud of ya dude
u killed it dude
pretty dope dude
Some lost dude just walked into my studio, killed most of my staff, and kicked me out. He must be celebrating #ColumbusDay
i just love a dude who smell good all the time.
great video dude
dude i love you in the most heterosexual way possible.
oh no, the dude from Five Finger Death Punch said fuck Kanye West, I'm sure he's shaking in his boot snow
Did you give it a muffin...read a gd book dude.
thanks dude, glad you like them. Weezer was awesome.
dude I know brb crying
Bryson Tiller will have yo girl thinking she deserve a better dude
retrograde over my dude or whatever gone treat me good again ?
An Eastside PROJECT dude is a whole different type of Eastside Dude.
Weekend come on back this shit was fun lls
dude that water cup
you're so cool dude
dude bought him lotsa clothe the rest becomes jealous
Dude this is Mr Selwyn's album artwork. Are you not even going to address that fact?
the traffic was so bad dude
Don't worry dude, Jimmy Carter worked that all out for us in the Clinton days
I don't think he meant an actual dog, dude... But okay.
19 haha dude you are so much fun and I miss you sooo much!!!! Date meeeee
dude wtfff :( I'm tryna smoke
I don't think this professor has ever showed up on time
exactly, that generation is in danger dude
this shit get me right in the morning I swear lls
This #AyandaMabulu dude sounds angry now on @ThabisoTema
dUDE PENGE
Happy Birthday to this lug! is truly the most "normal" radio dude I\'ve ever met. He\'s good
Ur smile dude
And yes, sexism harms men too. Like when dudes say it wouldn't be fair if a dude did the same thing as a women in certain situations
I feel so insulted- LIKE. DUDE-
I sent mom that pic I sent you of that dude in downtown and she's sending me so many emojis
Yo dude that's me!!
every dude in America gonna be thirsting in your mentions after the 1st episode. hope you ready to throw infinite cur
very much morning. The world is weird dude
As females we'll see the signs that a dude isn't for us but we'll ignore them/convince ourselves they'll change cuz we w
Dude. Chill out.
#SMACKshowdown Rt for baseball Fav for football
Sick to my stomach reading that article... Thomas was a good dude, just lost his way. Hope you can find redemption through Him
Hi Calum:) I really like ur songs like alot. You really have a good taste of music! Proud of you dude! @Calum5SOS
I got 4 smackers for free last night bc my dude was slippin and Im pretty sure I lost em...
This dude just say anything
Dude with the Grey Goose was not trying to share lmao
Seeing my friends heartbroken over guys makes me so grateful I'm single and not hung up on some dude
Wise up yh You haven't even finished working on your own self trust and your thinking of trusting another dude ?
thanx dude
I'm literally the funniest person ever dude , I make myself laugh harder then anybody has ever made me laugh
dude it's my calling!
somebody told me to "feel better" and i\'m like "dude i\'m trying"
Smh this dude senti now wow
Who cares dude get a life.
that whole situation I'm not going to make a fool out of this dude on Twitter but you know
Thumbs up dude!
When Jose or Fergie talk about Wenger it's valid. Big Sam tho? Respect is respect dude but you're a blip on the radar of motherships.
dude yesterday was the first day all year I didn't fall asleep
DAMN DUDE UR ICON'S A HOTTIE
That one dude
Trevon dude Wat are you doing fuzz lol
@MarkJPHood. My dude. This is insane, y'all. Congrats, man!
Breakfast is suck dude this is like the worst decision for a meal ever
dude i found her (MJ) insufferable
Near-Death Experience Followed By Right-On-The-Money Death Experience
every dude in America gonna be thirsting in your mentions after the 1st episode. hope you ready to throw infinite curves
The #developer 's guide to follow ups is an excellent #informational piece by keep it u
SMDH Tarantino. Why dude? Why?
Shit crazy niggas mad cause he ain't never gonna get it fraud ass dude
Happy birthday my dude !
Happy birthday my dude ! Have a good one
HAAAPPPYYYY 18th BIHDAY DUDE. I U
i can't believe they're going to smile at me :') yo thanks dude that's so kind !!!!!!
Always believe that something good is about to happen.
happy Birthday from Germany too, dude!
yo dude how r u? Miss ur periscrope
you good dude?
Been taking tips from that Etv "Friday Action Night" dude for the past few years. Kwanyiwa!!! #MMActionHeroes
"Oh Hey Dude"
Really dude? @rogerfederer
dude it's on your Twitter...
good evening dude?! :)
Went into the living room and this dude popped out and scared me. #cats always find the strangest
Naija dude be like am sick n can't go to work but still has strength to f**k his bae.. Nawa ohhh am an ass hole.
my dude, these are not the phrases with which you want to qualify the word 'empirical
what the fuck is your problem dude
A slide with a female cartoon represents the user. Of course. And then right back to neckbeard dude designer. #overit #dpm2015
a kids reading manga people r telling him its backwards he says that theyre being prejudice like that's my entire life dude ? stfu
this dude sitting beside me smells like a hollister store it's giving me a headache ..
"Trumps the type of dude to mock the worlds poor. But is the world poor or your soul poor?
dude have you seen the trailer?! I just made people at work watch it hahaha AMAGAD!
I'd be happy if a dude brought me flowers period. Keep your cash!
Whoever the white-haired Hiiragi dude is sounds like he should have a Murasakibara type of voice and I'm sad Suzumura Kenichi isn't his
Ay dude this is dope
nah, I saw the conversation. that dude told me the 49ers were winning their division
I'm loving the work that put out! Awesome designer - give the dude a follow! ^T
i look better as a dude tbh
Hmmmm okay dude.
really dude Netflix cheating????
'Size 2', nigga u's a dude, right?
everybody know @ SHS . don't tell bean if a dude fuck a fat bitch . especially when they claim they got bad hoes . I'm on yo shit
Creepy ass dude, call Chris Hansen!
Today's DnD 10/13 Not sure who invented Taco Tues. but if they want to throw in Taco Thurs. I'm good with it, dude!
he looks like a good dude.
If a stripper leads a dude to the back and returns using hand sanitizer, you might want to get a dance/drink from someone else.
So, I'm watching The Graduate for the first time. This dude is a total stalker.
I swear cuz I already bought that shit I bought it for dude but ion fw him nomo so we gone have a kick bac
dude.. i totally missed you yesterday. Hope your back up and playing soon.
dude I'm with you. Not a huge fan of having monitor and computer in one. Want a Skylake Mac mini soooo bad!
i mean dude, what about those petty pranks you pulled on me at elevator of holmes student center? all forgotten? ok.... just ok :(
&lt;slyfox>; lol &lt;slyfox>; dude! I typed "lol" with my head!!!
kwaaaa dude I loved the ad
"kat sekolah nampak sombong, on social network friendly semacam je" \r\r"some people have different attitude on social netwo
" Heart vs. Brain you\'re the heart dude.
I can wait for your vid dude I love these types of vids!
Speedy recovery dude
Dude shouldn't be a professor, but I think he should still be allowed to do his research somehow.
you let my secret out, dude
It's too damn early for you to be crunching around your snacks in class dude
"DUDE CAN I BORROW YOUR PHONE !!1!1!1" ... no
lmk if u need a dude to tune the basses
yay!! He awesome dude. I godamm love his acting.
Hang up on this dude. He's a pig.
I feel so sick dude, I just wanna go home and lay in bed and sleep all day
me too dude
Seriously love this dude.
Dude, I've been trying to preach that it's a jam But I'm glad you're about it Thanks Fam
I wish I had a 4.0 gpa dude ...
I'm in a bad fkn mood dude
You can have like ten inch platform heels and have no problem but when you have six inch heels no platform... Good luck dude
WHEN WILL THE MAIL DUDE DELIVER MY BOOK DONT DISAPPOINT ME MAIL DUDE
lmao most annoying shit of my life dude
Lucas was so amazing today. So emotional. Finding out Will was murdered. #Heartbreaking Can't hold back my tears. #DAY
Beautiful dude butt
Wow! Dude that's a new low for this society.
i don't even care no more ol dude got me fucked up I don't want no emotional connect wit nobody but God almighty
Fml dude
Dude, ya gotta go to Tim Wendelboe for some coffee when you're in Oslo. Seriously. Best cup I've had in my life.
had a dude tell me that girls like me make about 1500$ a night... If u need a pimp ill send info LOL #tinderlife
this little DUDE! What's his name?
it's so hard to get out of bed right now :(
"The dudes." - #Shadowhunters so is not a "dude"???
im biased but Adrian is the cutest little dude EVER
I haven't heard anything like your voice.Ever. You are so talented, man and u seem to have a good heart. U are amazing dude
Great dude !
Dawg I had to push my car to the mechanic yesterday my transmission blew out and I love around the corner from the him but Fuck dude
dude you catching these hands
this dude jammin to my music lmao
"if i were a dude, I would date you because of your hair" thanks @schuyler_butze
seventh grade dude was straight up jerkin it in the back of science class
DUDE, that is AWESOME! SO gutted I wont be seeing in person! thanx a lot, your dedication means the WORLD to me/us!
My dude Kane better relax today
dude on the bus headed downtown with a fishing pole at 8am: can we be friends
Steve Harvey morning show be having me cracking up lls
DUDE ELIJAH SENT ME A VIDEO OF A FIGHT AND I CLICKED IT AND HAD MY VOLUME AT FULL BLAST AND ALL YOU HEAR IS MOANING WTF AND IM IN CLASS :-))
happy birthday to my mentor and friend, ! Hope it's a great one my dude.
DAVE FRANCO IS 29. That dude must moisturise hella good.
omg dude I could've came and got it if I wanted it in UR Mailbox
I couldn't even pay attention to Ciara cause dude on FaceTime
Dude has like 10 plan B pills he said "my pull out game not strong son"
IM A FUCKING DUDE WHY ELSE DO YOU THINK MY USERNAME IS HANDSTOHIMSELF I PUT IT THERE AS A REASON
happy birthday dude hope you have a good day!
drunk people are so annoying dude
Click here to watch it: Dude caught Dylan Ryder and her girlfriend when they were making l
Be fair dude, some of the settlers and Israelis take it beyond self defense.
I liked his athleticism coming out but it's time to call it - dude is no good. Poor Hiram is still hanging on tho.
disagree. my life is a bore and thats what makes a life worth living ((dude i dont even have any exciting memory))
dang dude its so boring for me after 999 years :| whatever fun though for sure. Who do you play?
White dude right?
#teen,#video,#sexy,#pussy,#iphone,#sex: Horny Dark Haired Mature Myra Cave Blows A Cock To Her Dude
Sick dude ... Sorry I'm not enough
dude is so disrespectful
when this dude Harper leaves then who will u fill my timeline up with? Yes blame tha next dick tater - politics =
This dude? Is he wearing a mask? Ur not my friend anymore
Albert is the truest homie over there at Kings. Dude hooked my tank fat and now I'm Ridin dirty to my fancy construction job.
thank you very much dude :")))
Keep up the awesome design work dude.
Just be fucking brave dude!
,u mean 2 say we in Emergency? Listen up dude is dere SM decree or wt? Jst ur agenda is nt adhered to so .. @dhume
Seriously hate my photography lessons, its cool just get my work up infront of the class n rip it the shreds thanks dude
how's the ridge my dude
I legit can't stand niggas lmfao i shoulda been a lesbian dude
Dude help me out
Knew it was, just looking out for you dude.
Dude I'm literally just going to sleep in one of the control rooms during radio today and hope Ed doesn't notice.
Thanks so much dude!!
so sick of these dreams dude
youre my dude. and I always respect your opinon . im also just as frustrated as you. but we cant just blame the QB everytime
If ya grandma bedroom never was closed its because she had a train ran on her vowed to never let another dude creep in the room unnoticed
"Will Summers is the realist guy out there, and couldn\'t think of a better dude to superfan with!"
Huge Tits Milf Get Screwed By Younger Big Cock Dude 46 #cock #dude
HAPPY BIHDAY DUDE! Have an awesome ass day
appreciate it dude thanks for the advice I just free flow with my topics and that's how bad it turns out to be
Anyways that old dude is loving the life
Wow...but it's all good as the dude is seriously in shape!
Dude is bad
yes dude humid af
dude said "debarem"
i just saw a guy play monster hunter on the subway and I just went up to him "dude do you know spawn point go there on weekends" (@BigLord)
Happy Birthday dude.
seriously dude u going with report?these guys report 90% fake news!
" " dude
:/ he's performing dude
dude I'm 22 lol
thinking like a dude gone leave you slutted out and single.. y'all stop.
LOL. Dude is just annoying me.
are you gonna give her all your art dude as a gift
Dude answering questions with "yes" is funny as hell tho. "How was dinner?" "Yes."
FUCK MATH DUDE
when a dude posts a pic of him w a professional sports team\'s cheerleader squad i\'m like "WHOA, he prolly had sex w lik
It was created for my chat room by one smart dude @BingeTrader
help my dude out?
Its too early for this dude to be asking to chill... i just woke up bruh
Any social media managers that work on a freelance basis can help this dude with scheduling, reports etc. mail olaf@villagebicycle.co.za
ah awesome dude! Dying light is great! Was playing that last month! Life is strange is a great idea, go for it!:D
BDAY DUDE
Dude was hot.
dude just fuckin said "tumblypoos
I wonder about Whiz sometimes, like is this dude really the answer at the coaching position.
Aye if u leave yo lil dude that u made with yo own DNA u a hoe boy
YA DUDE I FELL ASLEEP AND FORGOT TO TWEET THAT HAHAHAH
dude !!! do you have answer ? when did dhoni performed as a match winner ...last time ? LMAO !!
I know I'm getting old because now when I find out a friend is pregnant I say 'congratulations' instead of, 'oh shit, sucks to be you dude.'
I just saw a dude with the entire guitar in his backpack. Like the whole strings part was just out. It looked so dumb.
I swear cuz I already bought that shit I bought it for dude but ion fw him nomo so we gone have a kick back
Dude, I'd trade you. I've gotten THREE Hereafters from three special engrams. Kill me pls.
dude, CONGRATS!
this dude in the car next to me trying to give me his # lmao bye I'm done with today already
and Peter spoke to Jesus, "but Lord, isn\'t that murder?" Then Jesus replied "dude, just don\'t use a gun, ok?"
you don't have to fucking raise your voice on me dude
Srsly dude if doesn't want me just say it
dude my silence doesn't mean i'm taking the blame ya know
Dude " I hate sloppy women
We are going to see Justin tomorrrow late start or today love you i miss him so much dude
The Peshawar women fighting the Taliban: 'We cannot trust anyone
Dude a fuckin plane just landed on the freeway... The fuck
thanks for following I'm unable to friend anymore people at present moment but will soon ok dude x
Using a Dude, where's my car reference #DemocraticDebateFauxPas
wait are you kidding? Dude, could you be anymore classless?
dude there no red velvet.....
"dude I\'m not going to ever have kids because I could not go 9 months without a tuna sandwhich"
Don't you know internalized misogyny will manifest itself into the growth of a penis and you will become a dude-bro?
You're not ready for relationship if you think distance is a problem. Seriously dude,
we were in science class, dude really had to make a science pun
I know she isn't talking about you. My dude spits bars
When it comes to her, i behave like a bhakt. She is always right dude.
You aren't willing to give up your freedom, even in a trade fo... More for Aries
dude she's lying
. Remind me again why were saying that some of our products feature Force Touch and others 3D Touch? \xee\\
Only for you dude
THE DUDE IN USS
Don't ever wear high heels to Golden Corral buffet, dude carving the prime rib is pointing at me doing the jerk off motion.
happy birthday to that dude @LifeIsGoode_
welcm dude :-)
Thank you dude for shaking the vending machine for me and getting me Cheetos
i must really look like that dude cause u like the third person to say thatq
riiiiiiiiiightt.. Let me guess thats y ya lost? Cuz matt ryan played like shit.. Dude carry on . U bouta be 2-4
DUDE remember in Battlefront 2 you could do the heroes and villains
Lmaoooooo Lil Dude scared of everything
Woke up to this, this morning! It feels good to be appreciated for real! Thanks my dude!
Because damn dude. Mixed messages all around. My brain can't do it anymore.
I didn't mean you as much as this dude there, Forrest.
Dude i know that feeling :/ But ae long as they know you're there for them, then your doing all you can, trust me!
thanks dude! One day, after class, I gotta hit one of these up :)
jk dude. Thanks for the greet. Miss you man
Roommate reeeeaaaaally doesn't understand that I refuse to have a conversation at 7:00 AM. It's just not happening dude.
Dude, just drop the class. You're embarrassing yourself
we don't even follow each other and this dude sent me his mixtape link ..... omg
dude i totally get it about the netflix show
dude my senior year in the dorms both me and my roommate shed a lot... Our room was pretty fuzzy
have the knicks looked good pre season dude?? The UK never treats us to any highlights!!!
Dude! went HAM on squirrels. I kinda hope asks her about it tonight. LOL @anotherround
hmu sometime my dude, we get this ish poppin
dude the things i would give to see of mice and men perform psa live.
yes. From intergalactic dude, to called on by god. yes. xD
they're giving out free hotdogs in the hall by my second hour and it smells so nasty dude i'm dying
Be careful, dude, #Eagles fans even kill robots.
Grats dude!!! :)
damn dude your editing is so sick! Really love the effort put into it
So arryman is falling for nandini... ROFL.. Dude just wait the hero is coming... Manik Malhotra
Dude is eating a slice of pizza at 9 am
Please if u have nothing good to say to others - keep ur silence. RESPECT lang, dude. Stop bashing others using Meng's name. Godbless u.
dude. I am sick for like the 2nd time this month.
Happy birthday ryan hope you have a great day dude! @ryan_patte98
You're a really cool dude, hope you come again next year, tell m0E that i was only trolling about him being toxic, he is great!
Chile thought the dude in my picture is my man LAWD that's my older brother
I don't see why Penguin didn't tell Gordon that dude has his moms.
Dude, do you even Set Theory?
security dude is screaming "DON\'T BE SCARED DON\'T BE SHY IT\'S JUST SECURITY" which is making everyone even more nervous im laughing
happy birthday dude! Stay blessed
At gunpoint too! Wtf dude
don't fuckin take people for granted dude..
I want this guy but I also don't want a relationship but I also don't want to end up alone but I also don't want to lose him
My point is when will you group already!! Bigg boss is over now dude!!
And this dude just burst through the Spanish class doors sporting a Phil Kessel jersey and this day can't get any better.
Seriously, dude, you're my hero. I still have all my old Ghostbusters toys in great condition, but you win. :D
lol ant this dude bout his money he gone beat your offer
Blow harder! Fine black dude hot #foreplay puffing #cigar #SmokingFetish #XXX
let that sink in. gamergate dude made a crass joke, was given a punishment suitable for 12 year olds, then went to complain
Dude!! Imagine getting super powers I real life #EveryWitchWay
Who is the NFL to tell DeAngelo Williams that he can't wear pink all year long the dude lost his mother to breast cancer
dude how old are you now lol ?
but i know you're just faking it. Cmon dude. U always wid meh ebritime i need someone to tok to.
Let\'s perfect the "new picture moment" with a "Mads and some dude who isn\'t Hugh" kiss
dude i think im buying from your dealer aahahah
You don't give your girl the attention she deserves, your losing out most of all dude your slowly losing her. You just don't know it
As for my ex in my previous pic, dude tried hollaing at her (obviously i mean look at her)
some sense spoken dude
Hey dude, all still on track! Check out @DogEatDogAngel! :)
Dude needs to chill hahaha
-sneeze- *some dude impersonates that \'riiicolaaaa" shit with the word "ebola"*
my favorite was 2 i think, the one where dude was in the pit full of syringes
Dude you pissed yourself, I watched that weak stream flow down your lulus
Wow Acap you're soooo on point dude!
Hey guys. Go check out He is a really cool dude with a pretty cool Twitch channel. And he sells badass shirts
Dude is killing it... I really do love that #trump #diss
Dude shot a woman wit a stray tryin to hit a bouncer that kicked him out the club? Its a club my nigga... Wtf! Now shes d
Please to recommend the best shrink in the country to Sanjay Raut. Dude needs one ASAP.
my pleasure dude. Was awesome meeting ya x
Ayt my dude!
Dude ain't been on here in forever and now he messing with everybody
Good dude, you?
OMG LITERALLY JUST WOKE UP FROM A DREAM WHERE I WAS BACK IN COMPETITION AND I WAS WATCHING YOU DO POOMSAE AND LIKE DUDE
Happy Birthday Luciano (: Have a marvelous day and god bless dude
this dude at lush told me ultrabalm is so good for tattoos u should go in n slather the tester all over
hey dude are you okay
Dude walking in front of me was carrying a 2 pack of #hotpockets. He's either in for a fabulous day or death #maytheforcebewithyou
Cheers dude. Hope you had fun in dam as well x
happy birthday to my dude that's a rave fanatic and a crazy mf. Love you Dev
literally me dude
Talking on the phone in the bathroom stall. Gross dude.
{ } inconsistent dude?" Her purple eyes show unmasked judgment to Law. "Previously, yer damn mouth said I am the one who
dude same, I just tweeted that
hey Vic so great to see you again! But I think you forgot something! Dude where's my card???
lol was a joke my dude but I'd definitely cop
Oooh ooh, pick me!
dude I don't even know, I turned all my shit in
these "fashion" dudes get annoying with their stunt but always wearing the same pacsun shit as every other dude.
Dude thinks since Im a girl by nature Im a emotional lil punk but wat he fails to realize is Im half Holmes and we naturally dnt give a f**k
My roommate on sports: "look at all those dude bros, watching their sport ball."
dude wtf come to thailand
dude where is your dick on that photo?
I use to be a duck behind a dude that didn't care about me unless it was involving him.
dude sounds like a 12 year old but I think he's funny!
Dude whassup 0824
Dude, Mi Pad is cheaper in Snapdeal. I bought one at FK a few days back and kitna ghatiya customer support hey
Dude. I hate to beat a bitch while he's down, but have u ever seen an epic fall like that of Puig??? I told u all.
dude the hand motion makes it ten times better
dude where are you moving to
Looking back, I wish someone told them, "Hey Dude, You Can\'t Do That on Television"
happy birthday my dude!
Dude where is your dick on that photo?
What a game and what a finish. This dude is a monster. Most fun player to watch in football
hey dude new account can you add this to the chat and take the other one out pls
them 3 are my babies dude they mean so much to me .. they don't know the half.
Been waiting to use headline: Hey 'Dude' on McMillian. Other #Hokies early week notes (FREE):
*midget hatches and this dude comes out* *stares at you*
Paul Thurrott is hilariously playing down the new iMac and trackpads. Dude just cant help himself.
Dude don't worry the next game will be good Trust me The game doesnt suck trust me Trust 1moargame fk my lyfe
inb4 u see him on bus dude
Hi how are u dude? So Can't wait to book my meet n Greet to see u at 02 arena, also keep up the good dancing ur amazing luv X
him as Lucious and him and that dude in Hustle and flow who might as well have also been Lucious.
Like dude it's October it's 60 out we don't need Arctic tundra levels of heat up in here
I really hate it when people (men, specially) touch me. Like wtf dude go away dont touch me
dude nova skin?
I don't know. I don't follow that close. Hired some dude.
Lmao bro. That's exactly what she said. Dude. I repeated EXACTLY what your wife said
Pretty sure the dude next to me is watching porn.
happy birthday to my bestfriend!! I love you Dude, have an amazing birthday
Lmaooo everysince dude stole from jbees he be coming to school turnt like boy sit down you a criminal its just nobody know but kids!
Lmao lil dude snaaaaaapped
Jay USTED to be my dude
This dude looks like one of my exes its crazy
Bruh I hate rude ass business people. What makes it worse its that's its usually an asshole white dude.
spokening dollars dude
HEY MY NAME IS BIANCA TOO CONGRATS DUDE
Dude I'm sorry
Caught This young man smiling on the job. This dude has the work ethic of your great
Dude I'm still cute tho
I Hate When Girls have a dude but be on social media site showing they body off all half naked nd shitt I wouldn't allow my girl to do it
My baby is a special dude.
Hot Tempered Young Dude Fucks Old Hairy Pussy Doggy Style -...
How can you not love this dude?! #Cubbies #veddercubs
lol yuh!!! dude!
Love listening to talk shop... Just a real dude
A friend from high school moved to Germany and became a history teacher. He has the best Facebook updates.
dude no I bit my tongue this is so funny
skeleton dude's battle gives me too many memories of presentable liberty to even slightly enjoy
Lmao so lil Spanish dude said he liked my hair
Who's Bukola Saraki giving 'the eye' all the time? Dude's gay? Or there's an honorable female senator he wants to give the d?
Dude got frozen cool cups in his bag selling them at school
Hasselbeck must have some sort of incriminating pic's of ESPN exec's. that's the only way that dude is employed
WTAF Dave? What? IF SHE HAD HER FRONT PAWS REMOVED? Dude, you ARE creepy.
Mississippi Dude Worries Removing Confederate Flag Is Bad For The Jews via
Just changed the 5th screen guard on my phone in 3 years. This phone is invincible dude. God level! #google #nexus #samsung
I hate when a dude stop fwm so he can go fw a ugly bitch
that's rude dude
Hey dude I'm here
dude ur so handsome im inlove
dude funny as hell #YouBringLaughterToMyLife
A dude just walked past me in yeezy 2's like I won't steal off on him
dude I wish!
don't do it dude.
Dude I just love matts voice sm
I forgive ya man, but fck that sickness dude. Rest well master of hairs
i saw the dude pass by me in the halls.
Starting to think I wouldn't mind my team overpaying Cespedes. I haven't seen that dude shrink from the moment yet.
thnx guys! Hope you'll love my music, more to come on my mixcloud account! #music #Mixcloud
I'm still coming up to Canada dude
I hate 90% of people at my school dude holy shit
I'll accept that bro!! I miss you and Victor dude
Mike is a good/cool dude, don't kick his ass, please!
Peep that dude on the floor
dude can you be any more gay.... ? Y is your character in BBT going towards more and more feminism touch. Pls don`t do that
Why is this showing up in my TL? I don't follow this dude.
dude said they were about "67 smiles" from wherever they were chasing the bears.
Sorry dude power outage and my phone was dead haha
thx dude ;) It was a second time, I hold this vehicle. It's a nice game. ^o^
love you too and thanks my dude
a game without story doesnt need cutscenes dude thats why i said "unless we talkin tetris"
dude, Iven been studying for only ten minutes and Im already on twitter... FOCUS SAM, FOCUS
You Don't Want Dude , But You Sending Him Nudes
It's not that easy dude
happy birthday dude! I hope it rocks! (witch it will be bc you're not at school) party hard 2night homie!
dude, ur name is legit. Respect man. im dying here laughing.
Pretty sure I was dreaming bout smokin with my HS sweetheart. Lol. Dafuq dude.
I remember my one ex dude birthday was a day after mine
Dude having a great time in our bin
Momonga is a pretty upstanding dude honestly #Overlord
if your schedule allows, we've got a ticket for you with our group dude!
I miss ya lil dude
yes- dude's warped
it's so rough dude
"This dude Joseph really gonna fall for that lie Mary told ?" - 3 Kings
Man, I still remember a dude who once ran for office. He said that the people has to vote for him because he can imitate frogs.
dude r u back again? Check your facts,by the way they've already broke the agreement and it's not even final
Is it just me or does the dude look super awkward.........
Happy Birthday my dude @Ethan_Connors1
gonna be a wild time tonight my dude #rust
please sign this dude!
dude i read th spoilers for the novels and all i can say is this: what the fucking fuck
Was dude the daddy or nah I missed it
Constantly insulted for no reason, dude I see my flaws. Fuck off
If my dude fell off today.. I still be his tmrw
this Dude-ebellum song is a major snooze fest
Dude yes
good thing we look alike and have the same birthday dude
You sin with the intention of forgiving yourself later... Dude you go see your doc
huh? I just believe in my batch dude
dude you dont need to be reminded about it. it's a norm. ok. our norm.
This dude actually said The City of New Orleans all bark and no bite!?!?!?! Worse, I think he might actually believe that!
"Dude impact over paycheck" - Words that changed my life just now
If you could hug anyone right now, who would it be? Dude from party
Damn dude, did you break your neck staring or what?
my sister always tagging me in posts on Facebook dude damn ..
you better believe it!, lol wassup dude? My sister told me there was a bad flood out there. Anywhere near you?
don't share details like this dude
dude be cool
DUDE YOUGENE THATS LIKE ONLY 2 QUESTIONS AHAHAHAH o god nvm you probs A de so yes and If you don't isok eoy is jus a checkpoint
saw a dude wearing a tank shorts and flops while I'm freezing
thanks my dude!!
Shout out to the dude watching old wrestling promos while slow rolling last night
Thanks dude I appreciate that
man lil dicky shit better than that... Too many features dude... Nothing original
when hood niggas get ymca memberships dude had his shoes on
Ben Roethlisberger is the man for the Steelers. Dude does it all.
I'm a pretty cool dude so yeah I am
Dude you have to keep your breath Fresh though ... brushing your teeth in the morning is not enough. The freshness fades.
keeping your seat warm while you're gone dude!
happy birthday ma dude @_seanbutler
DUDE IF U HAVENT WATCHED THE LATEST FLASH ARROW TRAILER, IDK WHAT TO SAY MAN.
iworry yam is how is this Asian dude even bigger than Shaq?... Kevin Hart
Makes me hungry when I see a dude walk out of his room at 9 AM eating pizza and heading to the beach.
dude u should see my time hop I'm so embarrassed
- you are not alone: Totally remember the urban legend about Phil Collins calling out the dude who drowned someone!
dude, great deep ball, maybe target number 84,my fantasy team is dying!
No dude wants one when they're playing pool.
dude I wish, I'm just now walking in
I need a hair cut asap dude
thanks dude lol :)
YOU FUCKING ASSHOLE FUCK YOU DUDE, AND YOUR FUCKASS ATTITUDE TOWARD ME, YOU ARE NOT A FUCKINF TEACHER FUCK YOU
This looks like edible Twitter dude bro's logic.
Dude arguing on the phone over a guy playing his music at top volume with no headphones. Happy Tuesday, green line! @CTAFails
good shit dude
#Asian,#ChinesePorn,#Teen,#Mom,#Sexy: Her Tight Butthole Gets Fucked Hard By The Cock Of Her Dude
This little alien dude
Dude came in the store with his toenails painted lol he bullshittin
promo or? Idk anymore dude haha
I can't lock it the lock broke ayeee $20 would be some nice fuel money dude
Hung dude raw fucking the latin bottom - for more hot porn visit
Lil dude
Dude Know damn well he can't feel shit
Shouts out to this dude mane! I don't talk about him ever but this my dog
Dude this is what we call it has Advertise in INDIA... #AmbujaCement #GreatKhali #WWE
What the hell's wrong with you dude
you're not don't even cry dude
Yoo remember when you used to do this? Evil dude
fetty wap is horrible dude
lol omg, dude I was thinking of the good old days, you, me, roger and sometimes Ashley. We turned up lol
happy birthday dude! Hope you have a good one
just messaged me that he sent me a shit tonne of games.. Gonna do an unboxing on strum when I receive it! Thanks a lot dude! :D
datz one dude too many
>;>; &lt;&lt; Cool kittie dude :)
thanks dude :-)
keep it up man! I love your shows! I personally think you're the best dude on tv and radio great perspectives!!!!!
dude I feel you just sleep all day forget priorities
Why would it be yes? that dude is a loser for that!! lmao
dude did u mention the greatest fight force the world has ever seen had a birthday today ! The is 240 today
Meanwhile in nopeland
dude she is ordinary. Its clear maths is not ur strong point.
I need that dude on a record let me know I got them Beats To Maine!
save that money on 105.1 right now, dude blew up like he should.
Dude Doesnt Pull Out, His Girlfriend's Response Is What You Would Expect! See more >;>;>;>;
Happy Birthday my dude !!! one of the best people I've EVER met the best dancer
exactly dude. It's fucking trash
Miriam, please ditch this dude and be our one true, healthy unproblematic 2016 fave. #MiriamNotMarcos
5sos fans can get so salty so fast when 5sos don't stop to meet every single person. sorry dude it doesnt work that way
what is it about a dude that attracts you ? i just cant seem to wrap my head around it
dude, I can't stop picturing it.
I"m addicted to #MyStrangeAddiction. Is that wrong? Dude eats plastic bags... @TLC
happy birthday dude !! @Erin_Lomenick
congrats dude! It's great to actually talk to you
awesome pic though dude you
Red get out your feelings dude
Overheard an old dude yelling to somebody about getting gonorrhea outside of my window. Got dammit I need to move...
Ok but koushiro shipping jyoutaiora??? Taichi\'s like "dude shes angry at me again" AND KOUSHIROS LIKE "jyou wouldnt treat her like this"
My diet plan consists of getting a full body tattoo of some skinny dude.
#fablelove,#Sex,#Porn: Kinky Black Dude Fucks Small Tittied Blonde By The Pool Side
All the legacy girl characters out there in this age range, Kristina, Molly, Brook, Serena, yet #GH is still trying to m
Happy bday to my dude love ya bro! Now you're legal!!!!
Ahh dude you don't even know
Kingdom Crunk'd Radio wishes the dude evanamiri of an amazingly blessed and prosperous
aye thanks Brandon! You too dude
dude MS isn't forcing u to stay.. Don't like it, leave.....
come on dude don't be like that that album a problem
#MinisterialScreening na only sent Godswill akpabio waka come for Dr ehanire matter. The dude dey form gangsta asking 7/8 questions.
Jimin make an excuse to hug jeon Jimin dude i see what u up to
tired of dude wearing these big ass trues 2/3 times a week
*jams out in the shower and someone in the other shower starts talking* Guy: dude I like this song! Who's it by? Me: Spice Gi
Where will you go on your next trip? if I could I'll go Santorini and stay there for a week or 2 cause it's real
Handsome Dude is a 3 month old border collie. As a result of a bad start to life, Dude can be quite a shy boy but...
Thanks dude! Hope all is well for you!
This dude thinks he's in color guard spinning a baton or somethin
dude we maxed those out so bad
quinnny happy birthday dude !
dude I am. I cry
Halloween is the only time that one crazy dude is allowed to have a mask
It is for definite @Porta_Jonalliss' birthday today. Have a great one dude! #BEU #Baja
yea yea im up. He shines His light through my blindes just about every morning. ow. right in my eyes dude. ~n@\xad/e~pr\xadde>;
screw you lawn care dude I was sleeping so good
"I can be real mean to this dude, and he doesn\'t care
FedEx dude white.he said you got the whole kid n play thing going on I was like "yea"
Dude a battle rapper
dude we had a blast at his bisco set
Dude I'm not talking to you . Seriously
Dude really
A bitch always got a dude bestfriend that pillow talk when yall into it ... fuckn pathetic
Dude, even if you get amnesia, you're not gonna remember who that person is in the photograph. Try thinking of a better
me to them; "whatever dude, i don\'t care. i love him no matter what" to: #TMBTogetherForever
happy birthday to one of my oldest friends, I miss you so fuckin much dude, love you #mybbyisgrown
I'm not stressing over a dude in high school, I'm just tryna graduate baby girl.
Ah dude that's so awesome, definitely going to be looking out for these!
Dude better we stay at the half day schedule
Awesome Dude! :D
calm down dude its 6:21 in the morning LOL
I looked silly rocking out to your battle. You crushed it dude :)
Dude stop putting up theses fluke ass shit like I be hitting yo line the shit irking me cause my bitch starting too think I do
Dude just told me I look bout 18 and that I don't look like I'll be 22 in December
Dude went off (Vine by @TrevorColden)
dude I'm sorry
what? Haha STRAIGHT TO THE POINT DUDE HAHAHA
This dude ain't gonna make it! @marvin22javier
I dont know who you are, but I believe you can clear 163th stage of Jelly-King.
dude why couldn't 5SOS do the live thing for Asian countries too
Like I wasn't feelin it either dude. Good call. Good call.
This dude told me to be here at 8 so of course i show up 7:45 and im still just chillen in the waiting room with my phone at 20%
hahahaha what ever u say dude: p
This one dude in my 1st period think he is so hard Like boy sit down
dude YAS lol I'm like where's Andrew
Check this out dude :
most of my tweets about dude boy sit in my drafts or get deleted for sheer sappy grossness
Just saw a dude with TWELVE fingers man
Dude I've never seen u on my TL not struggling with some weird chicks, srsly what the fuck @Cizzlak
Dude\xa9FM is Now Following and Chilling out to the Music of djliq on SOUNDCLOUD :D
happy birthday bro! Have a good one dude. Have a good day man. Stay happy nigga. Get some homie.
a dude who was here from the cadets hammered three ladys in one day...i second that...stamina
Shut the fuck up dude. Shut the fuck up.
No problem with that dude
The dude next to me just pulled the baddest girl in class
Never make Eye contact with the Mix Tape dude | part 3 w/@KingBach, @Lance210, (Vine by @McPhonz)
HEAT ! This dude Raamis means business.
Like FUCK YOU DUDE YOU LOATHSOME PEICE OF SHIT MAN I DO NOT WANT TO BE IN YOUR FUCKING CLASS
Dude, fuck the crees
you okay?
he owns jeans!? Dude I'm impressed. He wouldn't stop telling me about his coat
dude I was messing around with her when I tweeted that and she got mad so mad
I got mad love for this dude now
Hey! That looks familiar. I heard there was this awesome dude from 1d4Rounds/FourRounds Comics that did one. You...
#Fargo season 2 off to a great start, aww heck yeah!
dude I live in Birmingham AL
My little dude.
dude in the battle i just watched said so imma aim at his neck make the pump pour, make his head spin like fresh prince @ the front door
New meme done by Cheers dude
Dude ain't crashing the wedding. He wouldn't make it past the doors
You really rich my dude
stay chill , dude
I trade places with The Dude right now lol
Some girls really be going through real shit in life, the last thing they need is for a dude to treat them like a joke.
Dude hilarious
dude! Barely a minute gone
Like ur hugs dude
Sitting in class. Two boys are singing. And they are hella amazing dude
This dude in the barbershop is a weirdo
My life has its downs sometimes but dude everyday at least one funny thing that's extremely hilarious happens to me. Or something crazy.
surrrreee dude sure @madry_wallah
#creative #Frisco #fathersday #dude The #ultimate #guide to #pet turtle care: Our Ebook the Ultimate Guide To Pet
ur mom text me dude.. CONGRATS.. He is beautiful .. Great name too.. Love Tanner
sure dude !!
okay you're officially white dude
Dude is the break room doesnt just eat his sandwich he inhaled the damn thing
Dude Sets Through The Fire And Flames World Record On Pro Drums Rock Band And HOLY HELL What Just Happened?!
Dude, your vacation is like my nerdy fantasy, hahaha. I bet Dorne was beautiful.
So, how is life treating you? Me:
that dude was a super Chicago mark. He 100% wanted that chant.
dude I know even on a Monday night.
dude.. How'd you read my mind
dude, lets take it easy.
dr pagan is full of shit dude lol
happy birthday dude! Miss u like crazy!
DUDE THIS LOOKS EXACTLY LIKE BEBE'S DAD WTF LMAOOO
are you still alive dude
"[Dude]: It\'s your roll.[Walter]: The fucking point is...[Dude]: It\'s your roll."
Splart has to ... Me: Starts Surreality the discovery of the f. Relatable dude. this country together.
let's get cross faded for school dude
if you gotta good girl, giving you her all, don't screw that up dude
dude a 2 man golgoroth.. just watch..
Dude! That is absolutely HI-larious! Mmmm, mmmm, good.
Nah dude. It looks great. My hair's short and curly. I'm totally envious.
thanks Dude
*takes a dude home* Dude: Uuh are we gonna fuck? Me: Hold on I'm finishing my flashback so the sex seems plot-relevant
I love your music and those stealth streams, dude! Keep it up!
dude you filled up my notifications :))) whatchu playin at
you're 19 and act like a 5 year old... get over yourself dude.
nothing spl dude.. Its just normal wit 3 cakes
Dude I still wear flip flops idc
Understand I'm a nice dude
IT IS SO GOOD DUDE
How tf have u not seen star wars lol your missing out my dude
Swamp Dude! #inktober #swamp #monster #sketch #illustration
WHY TF DOES THIS DUDE HAVE A FLAME THROWER...he's wearing jeans today
dude chill i just found it funny i wasn't the one that was saying it
Lmao never been so embarrassed in my life, people in cars probably pitying me, cause this dude was really really shouting
anytime little dude
the fact that this dude produces himself is incredible... he's like PND but he's singing break-up music on beats that are hard as faaaaaark!
Someone please help the dude who has been driving past Bankside these past few days playing These Hoes Ain't Loyal on blast. Who hurt him???
My dude called class 30 minutes in, said he wasn't feelin the vibe. #respect
Photo: This dudes ass turns me on. Think YOU can turn me on?\xffShow me!\xffFind\xff@bigbroth4u\xffon Twitter for even...
Dude stop watching it
man like Bacca is way better dude
Dude, if you're snapchatting and driving don't send that shit to me. It's stupid.
I wish dude I wish
Boom! Great meeting you, dude!
Dude I slept so good.
Yes Dude thank you for that
happy bday my dude, have a good one @CgJj7
I'm laughing when they put some blocks in their eyes I was like dude it's to obvious who is who
"See Trump\'s the type of dude that mocks the world\'s poor.... ...but is the world poor or your soul poor"
dude smells like ass.
johore dude
No way dude, that's awesome!
agree there dude
Appreciate @justinbieber's heart on this thing. . Good dude. Keep working hard JB!
I started talking about zodiac signs to some dude last night he said "u goin somewhere I know nothing about"..like huh?
Dude. Don't tell me you missed that. Etixx-Quick Step (with their new non-title sponsor Lidl).
IV's?? You damn serious dude?! That must be an insane task!
if I saw that dude do that I'd have for sure given him a $20 or something
Dude this is fucking halerious
Why too expressive about your sexual thoughts? Dude, talk about chivalry.
So l dont particularly like Jamal's voice. Yhats his name right? The dude from Empire?
happy bday dude I hope it's great! @benkep15
omg !!!! Sooooooo awesome dude !!!! Tjx for sharing :-) :-) :-) :-)
#casspernyovest his is da dopest dude doing it#083Sport
Just hit play, but I can assure you that disclaimer wasn't needed. Martin is a good dude.
We dont have that much individual pictures but happy birthday bro love you dude
aite first of all, I ain't ur dude. Second that's probably not true lol and 3rd why you still talking tho?
: ur really cool but dude i never see u
Nate Dogg was that soulful dude #RIP
WE GOT MUTHAFUCKIN MERRY MARSHMALLOW, MUTHAFUCKIN SPICED PUMPKIN, MY DUDE WE GOT ALL YOUR CANDLE NEEDS BRUH.
dude seriously! I'm all loner boner
my wife broken screen glass of her mobile... hahahaha mr. prashant set up ur wallet dude !!!
dude Ghost by is my theme song for my old lifestyle. it fucking helps me get thru. #GHOST #Halsey
They were acting like they wrote the damn song. The meek dude lost and drove off in a old ass Ford Taurus crying.
Less than 20 minutes into class and 5 people have already left cause this dude is so boring
Ayo Marlon Mike is cool dude Ain't he !!!! I watch him and Alex every mornin !!!! FUNNY !!!!
Dude! You need to play #thewitcher3heartsofstone . Not only did the patch fix a bunch of things but it looks awesome. Drop by!
Dude Wut
"uhh.. Dona-tell me who you are again, dude? Cause I don\'t Gattamelata clue what you do." #ERB
Oh, I forgot Hayst. I'll just took photos for you Dude
The Luke Gatti apology video for the mac and cheese meltdown is painful to watch, dude is SUCH a shithead.
aw man/: i wanted the 6 dude ! fuck that sorry///:
my dad says that you're a cool dude
dude I don't even know that:p
dude seems like a jerk, but I'm sure that's not what happened...
Ol' dude came on the plane talking about I took his seat. I go no I am F, and I showed him my ticket: he goes oh it's cool it's cool
love you lil dude
jeep: *is full* the dude beside the driver: "THERES STILL ROOM FOR 3-4 PEOPLE. LEFT AND RIGHT C\'MON."
Just stone cold busted de-pantsing in his office during the Cubs game. Dude, I knew you liked them.. But I didn't
College guys are so basic I literally just watched a snap of a dude making cereal with cut up apples and the caption was "C
Hot dude comes back today
Happy birthday my dude! Don't eat too much cake.Haha Hope its the best one yet!
Epic Weight Loss: The Beginning - Fat Dude is fixin to lose himself some weight. He wants to help you lose...
kyra keeps saying I should date this one dude
The dude who just did my road test was really hot
dude i get so many, i wanna call em out on f
I am at my bi annual dick and balls check up and this white dude comes out red in the face.. Dayum!!! He did not get good news..
You got it all wrong man,I'm the dude!!
3. On the other side of traffic, some dude was literally shouting at me, that hey sexy, sweet mama..cause i didn't answer, he called me mugu
Dude savage asf for exposing this hoe
dude, I've been calling you since Saturday. Wag mo ko artehan
Somehow ended up making a $50 bet with a one armed dude that I would beat him in a game of 1 on 1...
yo happy birthday dude
dude stop with theses reaction pictures please
dude, did your job?
My super power is not paying attention to who I'm texting and sending mushy texts ment for to all my dud
single/taken? menurut lo dude?
dude sameee
love that dude @Skrillex
- It's about being able to do it whether the dude knows it or not....right??
This dude on the boat got a pair of Jordan's off of Facebook #WHATARETHOSE
I doubt it tho dude! You'll seeee
orrrrrr what dude i really can't even if i wanted to that person said no
You got a new dude and I'm officially over it
shut down woat dude?
dude it's too early to be simping bout ya ex
Happy birthday to Sorry I'm late dude, hope it was good
I woke up really late dude like wtf I did not hear my alarm for shit
lets go see him dude
dude needs help
Floating dude...
good looking my dude
wuutt. Do you know how much I envy you ur life? You're perfect and beautiful beyond compare. You're goals, dude
Dude. @BarackObama. Come be on an episode of #UndateableLive. You can play the mayor of Detroit.
9th ward, Da East, 7th ward, 3rd ward, 17th ward, 1.5.... All bark no bite?! This dude don't look like he could survive in Westwego!
THANK YOU DUDE!
I love this monk dude who's name I can't remember
trust me dude. B1G fans don't even understand how much money the SEC makes a year.
Only once has dat happened to me that I regretted..the dude happened to be a gay and stalked me for 4 years or so.
She fr stole the fuck outta that dude!
On My Radar: BAD PAPER by from
oh for sure, dude! There are 2 rules of tinder: 1: be attractive 2: don't be unattractive
Dude that's not on!
lol yeah I know the dude
dude it's a scam look at some of my post, I lost 200 to this guy!
dude if u're stressed out and already there wht about me i'm here stressed out to the point of rippin my hair off
Told dude my poor arse aint the type that can dine with your type fam..
Which dude wrote this? yea. fucking. right.
Dude had one of these things fall on his head in Golden Gate Park:
good!! Katarina still single, right? Hahaha.. Forget ur problem dude
Dude, #oomf is so hot that I literally have no shame admitting that I would masturbate to them. #noshameinmygame #sorrynotsorry
Same dude. All the weird metals smashing together, the engine, and the tires!!! So sad
Niggas single friends always tryna get in a dude's head when he start loving a girl They be jealous for real
happy birthday christain. Have a good one dude
it actually disturbs me that some girls can willingly sleep with a dude they know has a girlfriend.
I just had a real life dream and these two white people battling the song out and the dude that did meek was fat AF.
When you realize you already failed a class
Dude, I'm not trying to excuse anything like you are. You are a partisan so you excuse 'anything' - not moral.
My dude ! Thank you ! Much love bro !
the dude who plays Judas in the film is
HAPPY BIHDAY TO THIS DUDE UGHHH #HappyJiminDay
HES AWESOME DUDE LOL
Dude my butt hurt
I have to do laundry dude. fuck.
Me: "Dude..." *looks over at pork belly* Paring Knife: "..." Me: "...you\'re definitely gonna score tonight!"
I'm not shocked at all...which is apparent pretty rare for a black dude on both sides of the pond.
Stand holding the door an extra 7 seconds for dude behind you to come through. He does not make eye contact or say thank you. #Boston
Calling Obama "that Kenyan dude" #DemocraticDebateFauxPas
This dude In my class really has his mind set on being a janitor
Stan: Dude, dolphins are intelligent and friendly. Cartman: Intelligent and friendly on rye bread with some mayonnaise.
Indi That's Monday dude I can't ditch school
Dude stop!!!
lmfao tbh dude
being leechy is not cool dude! Generosity is the way forward. Smart generosity if u want pussy though. Can't b too nice.
"Dude you guys are like right on the edge of getting millions of pussy\'s" -Joe (A.Arnold)
Mfs slow as hell dude .
Why this bitch keep making it seem like im fuckin wit her dude
dude he was there na when we were still in prep my heart is breaking
dude im so sleepy
dude what the fuck?
White dude serves monster black dick
I believe this dude is going to make it out of here one day. keep working mann I look up to yhu bro @_RodScott4
Drake the type of dude who picks up hookers in Grand Theft Auto and drives them to a safer part of the city.
I had a dream I beat this really big scary dude in a sword fight and I became king of something
DUDE THIS VIDEO IS CLASSIC!! Every Mexican in the world has seen this video a hundred times haha
Dude from is here @ #ImpressPressDE . Honestly hoping a case of punkin magically ends up in my car #hinthint
This dude from my Fantasy League at Work, Keeps trying to trade me for Brandon Marshall (NYJ) Clearly Drug Testing isn't Mandatory
WHA WHAT IS WRONG W THIS DUDE THO HES LIKE "HEY HEY HE Y WALT LET ME SHOW YOU SMTH RLY FUNNY *sends pic of 2 dead dudes* THIS IS GREAT"
After all these years who knew my brother was such a cool dude.
dude, that's so pretentious.
and how am I the type of dude you're the one making fun of a guy killing hisself
Me whenever i have a problem
lol you gone put yo feet on dude?
Some people grow up and some people just stay the same.
. dude I unblocked you for five seconds so I could see why my mentions were a dumpster fire. You're still fucking dumb. Go away.
Happy birthdee Isaiah . Turn up my dude @OvO13_
ohh the xp codes, hopefully dude, they arent out by me yet though
i know is connected to but i like him anyway in spite of that. he's a good dude
One of my coworkers tried to convince me to not have a crush on this dude bc he wears skinny jeans.
ItsOoxygene : Dr Kayode Fayemi is a Genius. Dude is Brilliant and Intelligent!!! (via Twitter
This would be an awesome Christmas present!
dude perfect .
I deserve some explanation here dude. SRSLY.
I mean, dude said you could take a pic and he bought it because it's funny. What's the big deal? @WoodyandJimShow
Got the whole damn community saying "never been that guy/dude"
the dude was tiny...might have been my size little white boy. I was concerned.
Honestly thoughwhy not? Isnt the Under Armor dude a Maryland guy? Will he donate cash? If they hire right
Oops. This dude managed to buy url!
Couldn't pay attention to AHWU. Too bust watching you get fragments. Hope you got the Touch of Malice dude!
Saw in Greenwich Village Sunday night. Talented dude
Lol. New guy said I seem like a really cool dude. Well, I really don't think my nigga will like me very much. Give him time.
Dude will have a ton say, you should tune in
Harcore Video - dude. this with love in I'm think I
With the dude
lol my dude.. she might be closer to God than you'll ever be. So stop judging.
Dude sold out a continent
Sacrifice x The Expendables listen to this fuckin dude shreeeed they are like 311 btw
Shadow sword fighting with the little dude is much more painful than
This white dude has a girls name tattooed on his neck. And her name is SHAKETHIA. What.
Dude it's already hot and it's so early
I look in today's paper and this dude really got a murder charge
Hey Dude!! DM Me please!! I wanna make a GFX request :)
dude i know right im so happy!!
you the dude you the dude
you're in dude
well than u gonna like this dude.
Our dude Kento from JIMS Osaka looking fly in his #KrammerandStoudt quilted knit suit!!
I would kill to marry this Korean dude #BTSJIMINday2015 #JiminDay
thank you dude love you too
Your just heaven sent dude
this dude took me there once and i asked for apple juice. the waitress brought me a Minute Maid juice box and a cup..
He like you looking cute. Got a dude wanting to test drive. Smh
thank homie love you dude
nah that article i just d. Black dude tasered in the balls by cops til he died...
Carlos Hathcock was one bad dude.
Much respect my dude! You know first hand of the work you gotta put in . You did your thing too!
nah dude. Broad Street in Sumter, SC will take years off your life...
One dude is too turnt lol second so he almost forget his own lyrics?
Really hope dude dont talk crazy to kuh ..
Dude. Been up all night waiting to hear from you. Send a good word. Or coffee.
, lrt x kill my dude dont go here #
dude life is rough
Dude, I saw Ukrainians in the streets. If that's not legit then Lenin in the streets wasn't legit.
Been there dude. 2years to move on for a year of relationship
dude he is so nice.. Love L Bell most complete back in a long time
I eat so many calories daily lol what the fuck dude
dude when u listen to guile theme song kau hyped up giler mcm nk amek pinggan pecah kan and go cray2
"You wanted to know..." He frowned. "Sorry, dude..."
hey dude. Sorry we dont serve on Mondays (not yet...). Please visit us any other time. #wewillbeback
Dear Middle Aged Dude Driving a New Mustang: You had me with your cool sunglasses and cool car til the Bee Gees came bl
My dude Michael Myers gone kill shii
My encounter with men today 1. Standing on the streets of GRA, dude comes to me to ask jamb questions, talking about he wants to know me
dude needs some quiet time alone... In a rehab or jail cell.
dude I can't wait to see tigers jaw later
yeah dude I love free shit
hariez i got ur back dude
This dude the truth on the Mic
Christ dude. LOL
hey dude will you be there tomorrow?
Dude, I was looking for more from Gonzales on Witten. Is he Jealous of 82?
Dude told me he was usin me but he over here sleepin in his car in tha parking lot of my building bet he wish he ain't tell me that
dude, Bradford w the stare downs is driving me nuts. Look off then come back. No good defense is that gonna work against
Dude come on.
Okay, middle-aged dude riding a kid's bike smoking a cigarette and drinking a beer - you win at not giving a fuck.
anytime my dude
hey dude, are you having a good day so far? :)
Hugz to my sweet friends
How immature of you, dude.
I WAS NEVER MISERABLE OVER THAT J DUDE.
Ima funny ass dude yo
hye dude
Whatever dude.
Dude I'm in school. After . Haha
Dude I work /:
This dude really said jay Rock the weakest member in TDE.
I did to. I was wondering when she turned into a goofy looking Asian dude.
Yo I don't know one dude that wants you, so don't flatter yourself
Which, by the way, wtf Night's King. You were 100% a human dude at that point. Sticking your dick in a frozen vagina
I can't help it ::( dude u lucky af
ok dude, thank you for your consent
Hes old dude haha
I noticed he could be smiling at anyone but my friends said "dude he totally smiled at you he stared at u," fuck him im done
Dude came in class in his robe and his hair tied up in a bandana
#Aries people are nice. But don't take take their kindness for weakness.
Congrats, dude!
beautyfull column. so wierd 2 think that this dude useta rite bout peeple poopin in other folk shoes.
why does his biceps getting bigger each day aint good really dude
Yes sire!!xD #QueenBreezyInSG Dude, gonna sleep now G'night to you ~ciao.
The other day, but still #NoBraDay Breast Cancer Awareness
Hes a quiet, confident awesome dude thats becoming a leader of this team that we really need. on Bradford.
also dead idk how I should feel now but I'm talking to this white friend and she's like telling me how some dude she met on tinder (nonblack
Dude!!!! ha kena le chance this life
Sia i no dey see nipples. I go give u F " The other day, but still #NoBraDay Breast Cancer Awareness
YOO this dude was pri embarrassed af
never surprised at anything this dude does
jacos candidates: 8 - hugo reyes // fast food cashier, lottery winner, dude
Instead of yelling "boo" this halloween, yell something scarier like "commitment" or "college tuition"
dude, Ashley young was giving clyne the business..... What r u talking about
Waiting on Amber's #nobraday twitpic like
"Yeah dude Charlies staring right at me"
Dude is really crazy
Dude honestly I hope hails has the best bday ever
Dude... simmer down shaking that gas nozzle. It's just gas, not your penis.
A dude will have a girl willing to give him the world right in front of him and he'll still sit there looking for somet
This dude is awesome. I want to do this. haha
dude its too early
When somebody interrupt you while talking. like dude STFU
this is ultimate level dude. LOL.
, im lil dude Luciano
Happy Birthday to the dude himself
always fun to wake up and be a victim of identity fraud, dude tried to spend $750 at a Holliday inn and some fuckin coffee shops smh
Dude is totally adding cream and sugar to his hot chocolate.
Dude I want a jizzob so bad like I wanna go out meet people in beautiful
#live #camshow #guy #dude #dick COOL_GUY01
Dude it's Tuesday, which is theoretically Thursday, bc Monday was theoretically Wednesday. Wicked.
im not tryna get involved but a west side dude did just come up to my window at that drive thru begging for a quarter dead ass
little creepy dude
Dude that looked pretty good compared to my friend's footage. He rented a Phantom. How are your crane/dolly type movements looking?
Happy birthday dude @Cavansoccer10
Entry of Maddy was worst decision even more than Aryaman's entry. I can kinda accept Aryaman but Maddy?? Dude he is Shit
And I'm not fat, it's the angle.. LOLOLOL! *DUDE-DIVA-'WIZ[DUMB]'!* #QueenOfSelfies
Dude on the right totally watches porn and he's tryna not laugh
Checking in the mirror and this dude comes out of nowhere
I was really dreaming bout dude !
dude, had this convo as well. I am expected to take the paternity leave at work when we have children.
How is a fat black dude indiscreet?
Dude. Thought we discussed this. The next time you were going to LA you were supposed to take me with.....LoL!
This dude just tried to tell me about myself and when I got to school I had to sign for a $2400 check . People talking and God blessing!
Cranking to that new lil dude Luciano follow my snap :Andrea.watkins1
Missing my bestfriend dude..
dude stood over him like "yeah dog, that happened."
Easy dude
laughter isn't the best medicine ye know it's propofol dude propofol
dude, I did my damn divorce announcement with picsay on my phone in 3 minutes. Because I'm a monster.
is a great dude. I miss him.
Getting pregnant by a dude you have no desire to be with gotta be the absolute worst feeling on Earth
N i wish every dude had your mindset. It takes a real guy though
wise dude...
dude you don't like eating? smh.
When dude...When is your entry !! *Sigh* MTV ho gya..Ab to real mei entry dikha do. FedUp of this Hallucations now!
But if you are lookin' for a dude, girl I ain't yo guy
Happy birthday to one of m best friends Bailey Downs. I love you dude imy
remember when you were miserable over that j dude.
V\xa1deo: claudelondon87: Married dude raw fucking his friend at a festival
Star Wars is worth playing dude. Even for an hour, that's coming from someone that plays at least 8hrs of Destiny a day.
dude...desert witch fingers...do want!
This dude posted on fb "ISO a white girl!!!"
Let her go dude
While I'm trippin' and worrying about this dude since Sunday, he's still in the hospital all hyped up wanting me to send him the photos
Tips on how to be a supportive academic while also being male
you have a girlfriend dude and her name is Nicki stop it
Lol dude tf Just ukumgcwalisela nje " But guys why make her preg if you not gonna wife her? :/""
im on phone wit fucking ea support and spotify wont close lmao im trying to hear what this dude is saying over beyonce screaming in the bg
It is great. You do an amazing job.
She like lil dude Luciano I know you balling put me n uh condo
got all these fucking lumps starting to show on my body dude
Amazing day - this little dude from meet greet is the man
Lil Dude - "Lil Dude Luciano" {Prod. By Spizzle Doe} @riverdale_guy Lil Dude "Lil Dude Luciano
dude, had this convo as well. I am expected to take the paternity leave at work when we have children. It was assumed
Lil dude Luciano crank
dude you go outside for three days and you get sick. Face it, your place is indoors in front of a computer XD. Get well!
i fucking hate people dude. I wouldn't know what to do if someone took my dog.
Gary Anderson #noexcuses that's my dude.
oh okie :)) do it dude omg
Nice to see that nick carters on dancing with the stars I literally told someone yesterday that dude was probably in rehab #sorrynick
me: wow ben carson seems like a good dude why is my mom supporting him ben carson:
yo dude I saw a long time ago you mentioned a place that did some nice fine art prints of your pixel art. Where was that?
Me: sorry dude I had a brain fart. 2nd grader: I don't have brain farts, I have brain sharts.
I'm Lil' Dude Luciano Whip It Up Ferragamo
Vida e tempo: This Dude Just Used Jelly Beans To Convince Me To Live My Life To The Fullest >;
Nice dude. Suck we won't be able to play together though
Bring it dude
dude hatin shid he prolly wanna off me
Swear I never knew there was a video dude
Neff ass thirsty ass dude
Oh I remember now dude #QueenBreezyInSG
Lil Dude - Lil Dude Luciano [Prod By SpizzleDoe]
dude the only nigga that passed was fckn Flash pinoy Roland
ey thanks dude!
i like the other dude-
dude, your jokes are lamee
dUde i WENT TO A FRIEND'S HOUSE FOR A GRP PROJECt and my muslim guy friend asked me why
Easy dude.
Altgames played: key2joy Dude Stop and Grief
when a dude show his girl off put her before anything >;>;
dude lets goooooo
This dude knows what he's talking about
dude i wish
I love how giddy sounds to be broadcasting from Wrigley this morning. Dude always loves his job but today - extra grins.
Ang daldal ni Axel or however you spell the dude's name :-P #OTWOLReunited
absolutely my dude
I missed you as well dude.!
HE is like that dude in high school who wanted to fit in but didn't want to fit in, so he did art and drama and dressed
Amiri King is the type of dude that you wouldn't think would be a YouTube celebrity. Unless, it was an episode of COPS.
Now he thinks he owns it or that black culture needs his permission to be vital. My dude... I have so much news for you.
These dude knows what to make money " Foreal? Cassper is rich yaz " KFC paid Cassper 3 million for that A
Dude that sucks.
remember when Irish were slaves idk dude white people never have problems
Get ready to meet a new character today. Shawn Elliotts not as talkative as Steve Spurrier, but hes an intense and fun
dude i have a 10 page paper due tomorrow, i havent started yet hahaha
I liked a video from DUMB LUCK SAVES!!!!!!!!! (The best league play comeback of 2015,
HAPPY BIHDAY ANGIE!! Love you dude
I'm not calling myself a badass but dude really??\xa8\xa8
Dude I'm so confused
dude what hahaha how can you be a sound design lecturer if you don't even know the basics
dude the bears beat you. thats not good
Everyone always wants me to explain how I do my hair... dude I don't know it's an art form
Dude I took your class a year ago..... Get it together
Man I dislike my female boss she throws jabs at a dude the day after I held down a job for her
I think dude next to me just farted
lil dude to funny #LilDebbie
dalnim are you doing well i know it hasnt been a day but i already missed you dude
was this u dude
dude i just felt heat descend no lie
actual human connections are vital for establishing trust. I wish I knew who the dude was. No one from LFP was there.
Happy birthday to my dude who landing on me during this vid
Pada pendapat anda,.... *wrote my opinion* *got the wrong answer* Dude you just asked me about my opinion and now it's wrong. What you want?
Respect yourself dude
dude kills me
Get ready to meet a new character today. Shawn Elliotts not as talkative as Steve Spurrier, but hes an intense and funny dude.
the face isn't registering to me. I knew there was a white dude but that just looks like a regular person lol
buddyyyyy, you're an amazing south african. Josh is a lucky dude xo
pretty awesome dude
did u delete the name of this one dude? u know its very important!
gym dude - "What are you training for?" me - "the zombie apocalypse" #always
Flight attendant: "Sir, you\'re going to need to check your vehicle" [dude is holding a skateboard]
You too much ma dude
Sitting at the bus stop listening to this dude talk to me about his concept horror/MMA fight mashup film that he's shooting in his backyard
gone be out here getting pounced for dude
Big Assed Blond Dumpster Rides And Sucks Giant Penis Of Black Dude -...
Sanchez heng he whole ton nuh One game???? Dude u r totally buggin
dude it IS funny to tell ppl that
Thanks dude!! :D
is this dude trying to flirt with me,stop i am allergic to humans
DO NOT GET ME STAED ON THIS DUDE! I dislike Tarantino with a passion!! He's a nerdy Matt Damon #tarantinosplaining
Every darn day this girl talks about this dude likeeeee they together. I'm so drained/tired of talking about this boy. Get over it girl!
dude yes!!! Lmao, listening to them drunk is the worst. Had me feeling like I was sinking haha
Lmaooo wtf Pause This the phone I had the last time somebody sent me a dude
Hey dude am i invited
Thumbnail for @MelonToasted! WOW, that took a while. congrats on winning the giveaway dude.
Dude Me
Man Paris was the shit dude, never a dull day when she came around I miss that woman so much.
Lucifer was like .... Dude not even like that forreal ... And he don't write his own work ... God found out... Confronted him
Every single thing dude !! Study hall was The shit lmao
Dude has a point! Lol
just bc Mexico wins one game doesn't mean they're better. you a cool dude an all you have to do is work for what you w
man I miss Kyle Turley. Dude had passion and fire. The team now is missing that.
When you lie, you're very liar dude! I swear! And finally you tell the truth story huh
waiting for u parth u r such an awesome actr love u up to the peak!!! Wanna meet u dude but shud wait for the tym!!!! Love u!!
DUDE I WAS THERE
hottest celebrity romance is Dude Icha
Sembreak is not an accomplishment dude. Stop talking about it.
Nah this dude 6"7 and ugly ass hell just jumps out of know where
Its NEVER too late to lose the Bra!!! I can help if you need it!!! -signed- Creepy Old Dude!!
WE WANT YOUR ENTRY DUDE
I WILL TBH I'LL FLY TO WHEREVER YOU LIVE AND CALL THE DUDE OUT OVER THE INTERCOM THAT I HOPE UR SCHOOL HAS
Also, god this dude sounds smug.
Deep dude
Same here dude! After I'm done streaming, I spend a couple hours watching streams and videos.
My girls would kill to still look gorgeous even when "looking like a dude
Dude, that's like, sooooo 1990s!
You're brother is a lucky dude!
Thanks to all of you who make me feel amazing
great interview I had with David Watts on Mix fm 93.8 yesterday. U awesome dude!
Dude, what the fawk???
Son I cannot believe that I am saying that a Weeknd song is my song ... I did not understand what ppl liked abt that dude but he grew on me
Dude so i just found out my tv is like 40 ms that benQ is 1 ms holy fuck ima be a god
connect! connect kya dude they're showing ur creepy smiling atmaa for the past one week
Ya tu sabe papo. You're literally me only smarter and funnier and a dude.
So is following me? I must be doing something right.
Dude thata. wow.
read the prophecies. Read the political situation. Its over dude. Israel is over.
That's it, try and sum up German Italian unification in 20 mins.... Good luck dude
Um...here's what Deaton actually said. Nice try, dude.
They are quite lovely.
Patrick Swayze: "Im A Miracle, Dude" #conscioushealthsolutions #health
Dude silence is gonna be unholy as fuck tonight better get my nose broken
TOM CRUISE HUH ... Dashing dude.
Hot Asian Dude Makes His Girl Cum and Cum
dude chill...nothing in life warrants that cowardly decision.
Dude next to annoying voice Tetris girl is tryna get at her so he's pretending he has never heard of Tetris so she can explain it to him
Handsome Dude is a 3 month old border collie. As a result of a bad start to life, Dude can be quite a shy boy but... ht
"it\'s not my fault i help girls realise they are lesbians" dude lmao
fuck dude... who ended up winning?
Sick Asa bitch dude
Someone just walked past me at macomb singing the krusty krab pizza song. Now that dude is having a great day
Dude my head hurts
signs all over dude
Ah mate i think it's dude joshua oppa uses it right?
This security dude dont stop trying to small talk
yeah im not good in spelling too but you are way sick dude.. Study pag may time okay?
this fugly dude equates Islam's violent control and subjugation of people to Christianity? #Gruber
How was the Lucayan Cup last weekend, dude? Enjoyable?
I'd honestly pick pizza and a pack of 20 over a dude, and this is apparently a problem.
youre my dude. and I always respect your opinon . im also just as frustrated as you. but we cant just blame the Q
Dude kills me everytime I see him #Death #RegularShow
Nah bro fuck Mikey dude wouldn't get out of bed
I followed up that way. He said, "Dude, it\'s called talent. I\'ve got it, you don\'t"
Taketo is a really cool dude... Wait, that's not right!
Dude right, mustard all fucking day
Thanks dude, you're the best! Love the grey and mop chop x
Every time i hear mac demarco i just think to myself "damn I kissed that dude"
I love that word allure ~ I do think my eyes are my best quality ~ another I took no make up
WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU THINKING DUDE?!
"Mas Tender is fine too" "dude"
yooooo happy birthday, dude.
White dude made my morning
dude are you in New York again?
He said I'm not. Dude is lying big time, wife came to our job and hit him bc she knew what he was doing. And I'm so disappointed in the
Dude, you've got a tattoo! is out! Stories via @kwakunaly
if ur a girl and ur trying to fight a dude like u can actually beat him and he end up dropping u, I feel like u deserve to get laughed at
happy birthday Davis !! have a good day dude @DavisJPayne
where have you been dude
Dude yassiel is the funniest guy I know
Dude if she gonna announce it on the 19th tell me okay lol XD #QueenBreezyInSG
Dude she\'s still going. She won\'t sit down and relax when no one\'s home. Bear\'s just watching her like "wtf?\xae
Hope you have a great day.
2 #Exotic Beauties my favorite Morning Babes 1 Smart Dude
Dude, we're running out of Pumpkin Spice. >;.&lt; Needless to say, I will be placing an order today!.!.! :)
OK dude, ow is your day going ? Hope fine? But dude, u don't have to as that babe to good to her village.
#MLB #BaseBall vintage 90s LENNY DYKSTRA The Dude Philadelphia #Phillies Baseball shirt XL RARE #Sales #Discount
All these bitches trying do is pull up in everybody hood smoke their pack up , then come home to their dude and act faithful
dude it seems like you travel all around Florida at least 5 days a week
This dude in the back is me
Bathory is so fucking good what the fuck dude
Dude this is creepy as fuck
FOMM. Imma block you dude
This dude sprints to every class
dude!!! It sucks
cringing like I've never cringed before, imagine being this dude + writing this piece
stupid heart what do u think you're doing, I don't understand what I see in this dude
Dude, what time you on tonight?!
They was horrible breh.. The Asian dude disappointed the Asian community.
On the days life is getting me down I like to listen to Manchester Orchestra so that I can remember how difficult it is to be a white dude.
dude you started it lmao fucking unfollow me
"...but he trails leading Democratic contenders in general election matchups." You gotta read past the title dude.
I cant believe pren was ever better than you. You are the best OBJ in the country dude.
Damn stress dude when i think about the biggest exam that will be coming soon ! #SPMVictims #Batch98
dude, don't laugh #unfortunate
lol fr dude
same here dude :-)
Im such an advanced creature, I need someone just as advanced to handle my energy. The bitter and the sweet. Cause I am NOT a
happy bday dude!! @surrystars23
fuck that dude
dude I don't give a shit
Be realistic, dude. It's not that simple.
Dude... Last 30 of Capt Phillips fucked my shit up. Literally.
nah dude I'm not into that
Dude I'm starving like Marvin
Real talk, follow if you're a MMA fan. One of the best cutman in the industry and just a cool dude.
If it's in your possession follow the Directions my dude!!
Dude said Eddie Lacy for Devonta Freeman. Sit yo ass down
When I\'m perfectly chill and someone says "dude, chill
dude im damn serious hahahhaha we'll just what happens. Gotta work on my body pa rin so i need to save and not go out hahahha
yoooo I saw her my dude... That's a nice rebuild
YO SIGN THE REQUISITION FORMS DUDE WE HAVE NO TIME FOR YOUR GAMES
Social Support Protects #Transgender People from Suicide #Diversity #LGBTQ #MentalHealth
first thing I thought when heard Brock V....MAN WHAT A COOL DUDE!
Someone shot our plane from the sky, murdered hundreds of people and may get away with it? This cannot be. #MH17
Dude, your life's so boring it makes me want to cry!
ahhhh dude! I'm so pumped for this
I'm gonna just plug @over_as_hell. Dude's TL is a must read for fans of wrestling, both funny + insightful. HE AINT NEVER TELL NO LIE!
Dude has me watching something every night that affects my dreams. Sunday was the walking dead and last night was American sniper. I can't !
how is it 81 rn lmfao fuck california dude
Ha ke bue wena wareng? Dude are you a candidate? " ahhhh yesss wareng hle Tshenolo??"
damn dude you can just film it below the neck
happy birthday dude!make it the best ever hope you're feeling 22! we all need to hang out again maybe I'll let you win at beer pong!
Dude standing in front of me got grey sweats on...
You already know dude. Ask Guilherme what I did to him yesterday in basketball
That dude must really love Gaga
this dude at my job was like females really love Travis Scott and I really do I can't put my finger on it but I love dat man.
,#hot,#teen,#nsfw,#porn,#milf: Beautiful Brunette In Bikini Gets Her Pussy Licked Sitting On Dude's Face
dude's twisting wires as we type
I thought that too...then when he'd talk I'd hear words that I didn't like. More and more I just grew annoyed of dude.
Ur my wyf,I LOVE YOU.u can't bl8m me f i wantd 2 c you. B0om! Good dude Clark! VANTILLASForever TuloyAngLaban VANTILLAS #OTWOLReunited
Correct so a dude got shot in the head and instead of calling 911 he post a selfie video?
Fuck dude I hate school
Dude concentrate on getting that second century tomorrow.
Dude is weird! Lol I'll never stop saying or believing this!! Haha
dude cute
Big black #tranny loves to fuck this dude #ebony
Sadly this account is no longer maintained (along with Thanks for following and best of luck everyone!
I like how when I'm not even done ringing up someone and they ask how much the their total is. Like dude. Just chill and sit down.
oh sick dude
MY BOY 5'1 DUNKING LIKE ITS NOTHING..
This dude is enjoying this commute way more than me.
dude you deserve it! Keep it up and more will arrive ;)
dude let hunter make ur cats one did u see the one he made for Ceci
Dude is super slowwwwwww
I am fucking crying lol dude really stupid he got that
Dude!!! Just chill for a bit, will ya?!!
Girlfriend Facetimes Ex-Boyfriend While Blowing a Dude But The Ex Gets his Revenge:
It doesn't matter the game, you play with our hearts dude!
what the hell dude
He looks like The Dude
pettyyyy but yeah dude ! Lmaooo she miss you
I'm gonna go watch it in a cinema tonight dude
" The Dip Game has changed #SoNewOrleans Mann dude really hittin that!!
dude now you know.......... That would make you
Dude use to speak to me for real
Walked into tri-c to see some dude in shorts and flip flops I just want to go home now
This dude really made a new Twitter to bitch at me because I blocked him on his other one...
This dude been violently ear fingering for some time
jus know when I see dude ass, it's NO words. jus fucking hands.
I'm so hungry dude
DUDE SAME AF, LMAO I GET IT ALL OVER MY NECK AND BOOBS
you got it, dude
Good pic, dude!
This nigga Adnan is the dirtiest dude to live with #CantWaitToTransfer
Last : while others go to praise themselves, I learnt dude said he wouldn't talk about himself. Yes, humility! #TheList
Dude I was cooking jelly and when I pour the jelly into jelly mould, it's splashed on my thighs I'm so hating t
Happy Birthday Dude!!! have a fantastic day
Amiri King is the type of dude who drooled over the nude Justin Bieber photos that were leaked out.
happy birthday my dude hope it's a good one
GG dude! 3k strong, now for me to get 100 at least x'D
Thanks to the #1 sellout, , for the awesome raid. Dude puts on one of the most entertaining streams I've seen.
Dude I love storms
Asked the dude on the train next to me to cover his mouth when he coughed he said "it\'s okay, I\'m not coughing on you" ahhhhhh
Submit that too PocketTop5Kills@Gmail.com And I love the dedication dude &lt;3
Seungras Dude I was cooking jelly and when I pour the jelly into jelly mould, it's splashed on my thighs I'm so hating this
Dude, it was sick! Def a favorite for me
Nihilists! Fuck me. Say what you want about the tenets of National Socialism, Dude, at least it's an ethos.
Dude we are here to see Manik not this Maddy Shaddy
IT\'S BACK--B. Nektar The Dude\'s Rug--Hard cider with tea and chai spices added--"it really chai\'d the room together!" 500ml, 5.5%, $5.69!
Dude on the radio asked if MSU loses do they become "little brother" again I hope it\'s a joke.
Because you can't have a conversation about race without involving a self-absorbed white dude, amirite?
dude your talking about facts you tried to tell me Brook was with Haymon in the beginning
dude me too
Dude he just called you a stalker! Oh hell no! Hold my binoculars!
You just might lose ur girl to a dude that can hold a conversation with her
DUDE WAS DEADASS ASLEEP IN CLASS LIKE GONE
i would be fine with that too dude
dude I'm so nice wym ??
I love u gio ... So much dude
jesus fucking christ dude
Really dude? Is that what you do in school
huh? Dude can't break any tackles he's atrocious!!!
man he is stupid dude Bring Dat Ass Here Girl Pt. 1
Haha lol dude but for real i wanna know Dude the HT #QueenBreezyInSG
...but the people ludicrous enough to say something like "Washington NFL Franchise"...dude, fuck off. You only do that to be controversial.
Hey dude. Chill
You know a dude really digs ya when you got noooo ass but he still sweaaars you do
this is what they did to the dude not wearing the yeezy boosts
Happy Birthday to my dude jsegars. One of the best dudes and one of my absolute best friends.
You can't be serious dude
Saw your 2013 version in a random dude, twice, before and after going to the woods. What does it mean?
yes dude!
U look like the Asian dude from the group lol
. Seriously dude? You are promoting this drivel now? I love Meerkat! It is great! Why so negative?
dude* he*
my dude ! Thank you
Or I can be a lazy dude and go "How did you get this idea?" "EZ NO PROBLEMO"
dude literally
Clearly this is not my situation but venting bc a dear friend is dealing w/ b.s. no good dude should go through and it's got me heated
dude I'm trying to seep stfu
you did well!! it's all good in the hood, dude
These dude knows what to make money " Foreal? Cassper is rich yaz " KFC paid Cassper 3 million for that AD :o""
Think about what you just said dude, you're asking for logic...with Pinkie Pie.
Yes, we talked about that awhile back. Stone is some FK'd up dude. @RogerJStoneJr
dude, a 6 year old looks better than you? You gotta have some faith in yourself man
this random dude just dropped his orange then offered me a piece
Oh no, some dude's threatening to waste his dosh on something with a worse RoI than scratch-off lottery tickets! OH THE HUMANITY! /s
yeah white guys from Tennessee. i had a white dude neighbor from Tennessee and he was literally heavenly. but white dudes from +
My eyes are still puffy
dude, i was doing a parachute exercise and landed on your house... thats not ilegal right? btw im fine, you?
Congrats to my dude for scoring a goal against Asheville tonight
Dude.. Noone is arguing with you or testiscular cancer..Today is for Breast Cancer awareness and yes,Females have it worst...
AAAAHH WHAT THE heck dude
I've known dude since he was 7. praying for my city. I still claim Peoria even tho I'm not there anymore. love y'all!
Dude I'm so sick
thanks dude! and miss you too!
haha yeah dude whether you cheat on my best friend or my worst enemy you are 100% dead to me
ugh it's too awful. it hurts seeing them go through that dude.
Dude same
dude your life is looking like season 1 of Friday night lights lmaoooo
dude that was so fuckin bangin I remember watchin the real story on that kid wit u Joyner did that shit perfect
This dude I work with said Hard Knock Life by Jay Z wasn't a classic.
i was expecting dude in the grey to kick his leg up like Dewayne for some reason lls
dude I get them all the time it's scary as fuck
yall really suck dude
Damn dude 6 red lights to school
"- You\'re taking 12th grade calculus? - Yeah I like maths! - Ew, why?" Same dude. Same.
Savage? Dude cannot be serious.
DIS IS AS LOW AS I GO FOR UR PLOT DUDE
concert tonight with my dude !
this dude got Jacobi eyes
Finally figured out who dude looked like that I met @ PUBLIX a week ago n#gga looked like Affion Crockett but w/ a f#cked up hairline
You said "dude" and "she\'s" so I assumed you didn\'t mean to tag me in that
dude melbourne needs them
Let dude do what he has done last two seasons man, it's not broke defense playing phenomenal #Broncos
I will never post my sc on twitter again I woke up to a snapchat of a dude jacking off.
they're so sweet dude lol
dude I'm hungry as fuuuuuuuuuck
UNC quarterback Marquise Williams has come to a revelation: Just run, dude. About that:
I think is a Cyborg. Gets his haircut while doing a podcast. Dude is an EXTREME multi-tasker. #mohrrior #jaymohrsports
"Dude she tweeted, Fall is in the air, dude she\'s totally subtweeting me about me flirting with the waitress to get a discount."
That's amazing dude!
Luke Bryan is the type of dude that pitches a bitch if you accidentally step on his Uggz.
ur right dude
so much dude!
its an hour and a half long! Walk through! Check out Woods of Terror .com ! It runs through Halloween night dude its awesome!
where is the updates on GIS dude?
Are we meant to choose the dude with the bad moustache
. I know this dude writes like a third grader, but still -
Dude if USA don't start Tim Howard tonight, then I officially give up on them.
Shagger: get in the van, dog Scoober: get me vaccinated Shagger: I'll give u a Scooter snack Scoober: dude I think I've g
My dude snapped
It looks like the dude has pretty sexy lady legs? Or am I the only one seeing it?
Luke Bryan is the type of dude who will wear a cowboy hat that color coordinates with his yoga jeans.
Lol dude tripping hard
this dude's wee brother might know something
imagine this dude's tinder game
dude that was so funny
The robot dude is badass as hell can't wait to see more of him I miss mosquito girl already it's the rory mercury voice i swear to god
guy: "what\'s up" me: "what\'s up" guy: "if I tell you will u sit on it" DUDE LMAO I CANT
Awesome website dude!
ha dude you gave me loads of inspiration and kept me going with cool ideas... Credit due ;-)
dude WTF this is actually so true
I HAVE REFERENCE TRACKS THAT U WANNA HEAR MY DUDE. U HAVE A WAY I CAN SEND THEM TO U
Dude, nice find at Comic Con! Please tell us, did you take this home? #punchout
#sex,#porn,#xxx,#sexy,#teen,#pussy,#movie: Bisexual Dude Gives Blowjob While His Girlfriend Sucks His Cock
These dudes are debating Composure vs Dust2Dust... The one dude says composure wasn't a diss track -__-
Why can't my mom just always be happy
"DUDE GET COMMON PROJECTS THEY ARE 870 DOLLARS LESS"
I\'ve had that reaction SO MANY TIMES. Once, I read slip for a big purchase. Sales dude: "It\'s not like it\'s a contract!"
get you an ugly dude to take your sorrows away
sannah helwah dude
is the friend I been looking for this dude tweets and videos
dude is the shittiest edgelord at the middle school nerd lunch table and lives in terror of ever losing that power
like I said I don't know the chick so try again offie ass dude ...I tried to help you but she said you was THIRST
Kind of glad I cant remember dudes last names, and cant Facebook creep em. But I did find this one.
This dude said he isn't country but he sounds like he came straight from the ranch
LMFAO DUDE
I caught this cute peruvian dude staring at me during class
animal party at rich dude's hous
You don't have to tell me lies to keep me happy. We GROWN! Tell me what it is, what it ain't and what's it gonna be.
that's so cool dude you better go
why dude kissing yo hand?
"You\'ll be good, dude, we\'ll figure it out."
lmfao dude I got a girl that I'm tryna get w/ rn IRL but dude e-pussy = best pussyyyyy
dude me to
Happy birthday dude!!! I know you're gonna have a good time tonight
DUDE HAHAHAH. I remember now we were at that store by yonkers lmfaooo
IF YOUVE EVER TRIED TO COME AND HUG ME AND I DIDNT NOTICE, I APOLOGIZE I ALWAYS LIKE HUGS PLZ FEEL FREE DUDE
dude yes!!!
Why is the hero of every apocalyptic movie some dude with an "estranged" wife?
fuck dude that looks good put some ice cream and syrup and we good lol
This fine ass dude just asked me for 50 cents and I gave him two dollars. Yesssss
Im a funny dude
This dude said I\'ve heard of "Adam and Eve...not no Adam and Steve" I\'m done.
Dude next to me has his headphones in and is asleep, missed the whole thing.
omggg dude wtf is going on with me i swear
dude be tripping
Biggie was that dude. RIP Big.
how're you 16 dude....the hell
call me a cry baby , tell me im sprung idgaf i love briana like no other dude.
He's also a an old Hollywood white man. Yea.....never really messed with the dude....
Woke up to yelling again, its gonna be a great day.
dude c'mon I worked hours on this A3 drawing, what do you think?
yo dude, what were your hours at ups in the mornings?
" #Dude looks like a #lady " #ladyguy #dragqueen #drag #selfie #instaqueen #lgbt #makeup
*hugs back* thanks dude xx
ughh dude I miss you so Fucking much!
Nah.David sending ol boy to war just so he could smash dudes wife wouldve been Top Tier Twitter news
Imma take lil bro one weekend
So a dude in his 20's left this on the dryer at the Laundry Mat for my nana
This dude just said "you got a computer cell phone"
chyyeaa dude I'm covered
hbd dude!!! Hope it's a good one :)
Train time! Probably creeped this dude out.. #OhWell
Kevin gates my dude
Dude this stats test in an hour
Me: *walks to bathroom MY Dog: Dude this is so exciting. You are amazing. You should be on Oprah. Can I just be in your pre
well, this dude thinks way too highly of himself, his films aren't great anyway.
Dude what a fucking lame excuse lol bye
LMAO DUDE RIGHT ON THAT SOUNDS RAD
"200 million people in the United States and you had to import someone." Ouch. That\'s a little harsh. Your soulmate can be anywhere, dude.
I would have told you, if I understood dude ahahaha
it really sucks when someones tryna ruin ur day, it pisses me off dude. Nakakainis talaga, for real.
Excuse me, but we don\'t say dude. We do say "mate" not "dude".. Usually "dude" is for American esp California!
u can leave your bra at home today dude
all good dude my dad was an English grammar teacher lol heard it my whole life haha
dude ! take care of him/her :) thanks !
I wanna go to sky zone and jump around so I can dunk on the court lls
The dude that proposed we get vodka has a mullet. I suggest we do as he says. The alpha chick has left the plane. Neck pillow still in place
thanks dude :)
get well soon dude
It's cold af dude
These ideas are important across the board--from middle school or high school classrooms through undergrad and...
dude arab girls at the masjid r so obnoxious i hate them
i jst saw a strimma get 12coins from one PokerFace and the other dude got a 310 titan helm PokerFace
DUDE IM SHAKING WORDS CANNOT EXPLAIN HOW MUCH IM LOVING LIFE
yes dude lol
dude,where are you??
dude American eagle has some cute braletts for girls with a bigger bust! That's where I get a
dude I told them to kiss my ass when they pulled that stunt on me
I did. Got the dude's name, spoke to his manager and spoke to someone helpful on their Twitter account.
It's your bible dude. @ImpulseControl2
This will give people of the kind of dude you want to have on your team
#Milf,#Mature,#NubuleFilms,#handjob,#blowjob,#wanking,#SexFilms: Hot Tempered Young Dude Fucks Old Hairy...
dude I love you more. I wanna come see you soon
He Talking About " This Yo Old Dude " O\'Shea Come Sooo Funny ..
This dude Breakey just casually walks into class like 10 mins late every day.
I hear ya dude, you hit the nail pretty squarely on the head there.
this weekend we are chillin dude
Sounds like dude needs some aloe for that burn you just gave him.
Lmaoo they semi roasting dude son
Dude it's Beacon Hills
Girlfriend Facetimes Ex-BF While Blowing a Dude But The Ex Gets his Revenge:
Hot Asian Dude Makes His Girl Cum and Cum: #porn #pornhu
Nice meeting you too dude. Its great to be able to put a face to the name finally :D Hope your interview goes/ went well!
Video : Hot Asian Dude Makes His Girl Cum and Cum:
I am being honest the dude behind Dambazau looks after an overlord.
Dude my moms soooooo annoying
HOLY SHIT FUCKING PICASO JR RIGHT HERE OMG DUDE THATS AMAZING
sleep lil dude
Lmfao I love my best friends dude
Dude tried to get up and walk away
motherfucking jesse eisenberg jesus christ fuck dude motherfucking facebook movie bullshit jesus can you fucking believe this shit
Hate going to fucking school like this dude
good dude! Miss u. How r u?
hey big brown / check out chuck palahniuks book diary. He is the dude that wrote fight club.
I know dude this sucks!!!
Dude, if it exists there's porn of it. That's the rule.
at least the dude was safe 'n sound..... and dry
you look like Josh Donaldson dude haha
Happy birthday Pete! I haven't seen you at work lately but hope you have a good one dude. @IlikePeteDaily
I can't wait to see future tonight, THATS DUDE IM FUCKED UP BOUT THAT HAITIAN
That one dude who is in EVERY chick inbox, and somehow these bitches still go for it and date him
I CAN DO IT LIKE A BROTHER, DO IT LIKE A DUDE
dude it's really not that bad for an amazing computer.
Ah... Wo' yo doing?? Yo dude, wo' yo doing~?
dude happy birthday!! Enjoy your day bro!
I respect your music bro but you rant all day about racism shit, give it a rest dude : ) have some beers and say cheers!
My dude Blevboy a fool
dude, we're noodles-and-coffee friends!
thanks dude but less UI, more process, flow stuff
Amiri King is the type of dude to walk up and down a driveway for 6 hours until he completes a 3 minute video.
yea but just saying that dude isn't good
I\'ve said so many points on the world, then tell everyone "my opinions suck dude, I\'m a teenager" and everyone still takes it seriously.
I'm Straight On Dude .
dude, i know how you feel, yesterday i had a dream that i found an applebees gift card and then i woke up and didn't :-\\
holy macaroni....dude!!!!
miss ya dude! You need to play some shows soon so I can do promo again for you
Woman over 21 that look for drama STILL really piss me off! Going out of your way to tell other girls about a dude that broke up with YOU
I mean the dude coached for nearly 40 seasons, and he just walks away six games into the season? Something fishy going on here.
muted that guy when he first started spamming me with his links wanting me to tweet him out You're just self-embarrassing, dude
Dude in a suit to me at Starbucks: that's a lot of black coffee for a little girl. Me: that's very little hair for a lot of forehead on you
Dude said pack her ass
yes dude my first period rn is shit :(
Ima be the dude that changes the way people think
Is it that hard to wash your own dishes my dude?.. Haha
ohhhhh okayy
Dude, we're running out of Pumpkin Spice. >;.&lt; Needless to say, I will be placing an order today!.!.!
dude you know that you can buy it for me to ;)
It still seems weird to me as a gay dude, but they're had surprisingly good reporting on a lotta stuff.
dude i think we are all like that,,
Rip to my bro Shemar pops! Was a cool dude, heaven gained yet another angel man
I walk past 2 dudes talking the one dude ask him why he has on the number zero..
Im still in lust with dude..
dude are you really going to skip out on hanging with me?
That truck is tight dude
When your ex texts that she fucked anouther dude when you filled her up like a sperm bank. #dontcare #exgirlfriends #FL3
wow thanks for the follow we are really big fans of #TombRaider feel privileged for you following us :) thanks dude!
LOL that dude wont take off the vest!! even for yale!
Wish I was a dude. Not in a like I feel like a dude in a woman's body way. Just would rather be a dude
im so hungry dude
I highkey miss you too dude :)
this doesn't even sound fun!!! it sounds scary!!! big ass dude breaking in and showing his dick? that's scary!
That One Dude Who Yells "My Leg" On Spongebob
My coworker just found out she was pregnant and the baby is dude on my birthday
damn just noticed it's for Xbox 360 just got shot of mine dude,Xbox one now you're lucky haha
When you're trying to poop and the dude in the stall next to you sounds like a rocket ship taking off
#Granny,#Mature,#Milf,#Old,#GrannyGlasses: Young Dude Fucks Old Harlot Wearing White Stockings
is yoanty trying to date that dude?
Ok thanks dude!
dude I have to tell you something!
I went into 7/11 high as fuck, and dude was like " I know you\'re hungry as hell" and handed me mad coupons for free pizza hot dogs lmao
The "Hot Cute Tama dude" hahah. Months back, I watched Your interview vid, during PMB tour :) Nice
Hinduism: I Bless this Dude: firoze shakir photographerno1 ha postato una foto:
The Hottest Celebrity Romance is DUDE HARLINO ALYSSA SOEBANDONO
dude my momma does the absolute MOST for no reasons @ all
my dude is so pretty
Thanks Dude!
dude its sonic noob 64 bro
dude, you're out. it's october. HAHAHHAHAHAHA. GIVE ME SANITY pls
HAPPY BIHDAY ROBBIE!!love you so much dude! Have a gr8 day!
>;>; : Black Sonja cant live a day without getting fucked by hot dude
dude. No. How
like ur attitude roff u b different from de others keep it up dude
This dude on the bus looks like Blinx.
Dude what ? Lmao you're like my most photogenic follower besides Yuvi. YALL be slaying shit effortlessly lmao
ifb dude
Dude my house growing up was the same way. Everyone on edge
thanks for comin out dude. Good seeing you
Is the guy holding the cake next to Fred Willard in that direct tv ad the dude from Cool Runnings?
u find ur tooth yet dude... Maybe brush your teeth or something too
This dude is a genius. Talking about creating a lane for yourself.
Says the dude with a glass jaw
Dude let me know how that goes! I hope it works out :D
it's unexplainable dude, it was beautiful!
dude I low key need to take pictures of people that I just need to show other people and I can't
,#hot,#teen,#nsfw,#porn,#milf: Hot Tempered Dude Fucks Hard Beautiful Babes Afrodity And Jenny Glam
Dude I need to quit being so depressing
Dislike a female that seeks every dude attention. Like chill li mamma
congrats dude!!
hahaha dude, it's all good! Sometimes I just go thru all my things on my gallery
dude I wish this guy would call me back about this house
dude balloons were everywhere when I went to your profile. Sweg. Happy Birshday lil bby.
murphy lee use to be that dude
Dude I can't believe my sister is getting married next weekend
Dude I have an A average in math yay
This Evan dude has no chill I s2g like one moment he wants to cuddle Zayn the other moment I see are dead bodies wearing Louis shirts
why is dude texting himself? @asherr
if a nigga only contact you when he beefing with his BM , off bucks you already know what type of dude he is.
dude 3 day tickets are 149 dollars around the holidays
yeah dude, pretty excited!
So pedophile dude has a vid of mia and though he's annoying af he has a great angle and could have amazing vids of the girls and I.
LOL!! My hubby is playing COD Advanced Warfare n some dude said "KEEP IT TIGHT!!" YES!
dude why not
dude I was ducking dumb when I got mine pulled lmao
I'm about to tweet at him dude, biggest fraud ever
Guys I woke up in such a good mood jamming walking around studying to class the wind was blowing my hair lol I feel so
it is lol. Jk miss you dude
"I grew up with PND, that\'s my boy, we used to play ball together" - every other dude here
heyup dude are you ok
Lmao my pops came off on dude yo
So there's this dude who was bragging about his supposedly enormous dick before camming with me. Turns out I'm bigger. Lol
I love it when a dude leaves their boxers #NewPajamas
Never a dull moment with this dude.
yo dude, are you alive? You haven't posted to instagram in a week. #guessuhatemehaha #whereyouatdoe #worstattextingback
Aerosmith\'s hit song "Dude looks like a lady" was written about any man that doesn\'t have a beard. #BeardFacts
definitely dude! I think I can speak for both of us when I say. You're ANOINTED! Thanks for s
Hey dude. I saw your WR run the other day on GV Any% , so did you try the steam version yet? my loading times are crazy .. :(
Some dude just proposed we get unlimited vodka or he will go postal. Send halp pls
WWF Magazine October 1997. Dude Love on the cover released 18 years ago this month. #WWE
nah dude, that's just because of the people you are with all day.
Lil dude was getting it with flip phone FWUCK YOU MEAN
during a makeout session the dude: why are you laughing me: thought of a meme
dude rizal had a lady in every country he visited del pilar had one (or more) in every town
you ruin everything dude
YOU ARE THE FUNNIEST DUDE
#HarryPotter alumni is doing these wonderful PSAs. #nowyouknow
hahaha you so gay dude peace out
I was Busy There Dude ... Shopping Spree #CheckSnapdealToday
lil boy. Focus on school and idc dude it's your twitter. Lol love ya bro, have a good day
ay thanx dude
Looking at old selfies like.... Dude you're ugly af... I mean seriously why did you even take that let alone post it
Ol Dude Ain't Focused Enough For Me .
this is from like 6th grade dude , leave me alone
dude I was just playing a song in practice and I was like I miss Sam Patt and then I look at my phone!!
I hate this dude! Really hate it like big time !!
dude that's dope
Congratulations dude!
dude, Feels Good beat reminds me of something from Nujabes and Samurai Champloo. Album is incredible!!!
Dude, look it up so you don't get embarrassed. NDs academics aren't all that either. You are 0-3.
Mormon Boy\'s Dad: "We don\'t want our future daughter-in-law to be a go-go dancer." Dude, why not?? She\'d be a lot of fun!
Lmao dude bolted
have to hold off now two weeks | but it is ok | maybe best time to do it anyways ~ but thank your!!
dude had to be high and drunk
dude lmao maybe u guys can get her to be your egirl! ~~~
that's true dude!! and be ROCKIN them on the daily though.
#NowPlaying @DenmarkVes' latest project: Martin Lucid Dream. An end-to-end burner. My dude
I think you should turn your head towards your own state like Gujarat. Note it down, some day they will be out of
Hey dude!
Everyone Follow He's a funny dude who loves MMA
lol not even watching that bit, the old dude making me laugh
omg man pls wake up no you're not the definition of fire dude
every1 fell unconscious as plane breaks up but simultaneously oxygen masked fell down,attached itself onto this dude, got it
Damn dude from a cortisone shot.....
stop dude .
wow thats owsome...dude..
Entry of Maddy was worst decision even more than Aryaman's entry. I can kinda accept Aryaman but Maddy?? Dude he is Shit !!
lmfao dude
18 year old dude with one leg
Dude closest to the Queen had exactly the same "very polite smile" as I do.
Imagine if Papa John DIDN'T dye his hair? Then wed all be like That guy looks 50 but instead were like Whos that cool
haha thanks dude
This dude right here!
this dude mad crazy lol
Fun fact: The dude who started that specific one was my distant ancestor :D His last name was hard to pronounce tho
That\'s what he really thinks of us. "Savage." For not trusting him w a fucking SLAVE narrative. Fuck that dude.
shoutout ! dude is wavey fr
dude totally the worst thing ever. And he got to play in the game last night. True story if I saw him I may have to slide into him
dude, you gotta get back to looking like you do in your profile pic.
Playin Mafia just piss me off sometimes like dude, am innocent
Fell asleep on Doyles couch woke up all nice and tucked in. Woke up this morning and now I made this dude let me hop in the queen wit him
was good, dude you can talk fast! :)
i've got all my windows open loudly watching friends and i think there's someone outside having a fag, have fun listening to friends dude
Dude that is what hearthstone is now LOL its so annoying, i tried to play control warrior and just got fuckin cancered down
LOL!! Man you gotta be a special dude to try that!
Dude, I can't explain how excited I am for next week!! #yay #texas
come on dude you acting like you gay
A dude will have a girl willing to give him the world right in front of him and he'll still sit there looking for something better.
DUDE your young so you don't know but Alpha male brought u up they are true friends big mistake you are going to be lonely.
Yeah, this offense needs a big dude on the outside to take the top off the defense. Peake is not that guy.
dude are you still breathing?
K well I'm outside and I'm about to suffocate on this dude's cologne.
Amiri King is the type of dude that wants to be on bottom. And I'm not talking about Bunk beds! #PrisionBitch
even I'm not that disrespectful to OSU. Clemson AND Michigan removes any ounce of credibility dude has. Is he bizzaro Mark May?
Dude WTF this guy on #periscope in Dallas put a broadcast of him jacking off wtf
anong i wasnt afraid. i was dying dude i didnt know what to do HAHAHAHHAHA ALL I REMEMBER WAS "KICK THE BALL"
my phone really tripping dude.
Take a nice dude for granted but try hard to make it work with some asshole because astrology says your star signs are a pe
" Where is this place? I want to go. "
Some dude parked facing me and still has his high beam light on...
dude text me
Dude the really hot paramedic!! We should just pretended to faint so he could save us
Dude Beyond Straight Facts
Scar: eaten alive. Ursula: shanked through the chest with a ship. Tarzan Dude: hung himself, carcass eaten by leopards.
I think James Rolfe is a cool dude but he may have unwittingly unleashed an internet scourge by creating the angry video game nerd
awww dont man
Dude I fucked up hard today
you are so brave!!! making me tear the fuck up dude.
Read This Book #2867 The Dude Magazine1/58 Brigitte Bardot Gwen Verdon Gus Thorner
Dude this is between 2 people the rest need to stay out of it
titties. Why did this dude walk up to me mad close to stare at me?
lmao Dude omg yes!! I feel like it's been forever
Every single person in this world ever did a mistake or a sin dude ,so don't manipulated someone easily by looking from the outside.#fck
>;dude on the right "I\'m going to watch so much porn when i get home, these guys don\'t know i\'m just faking it
ya welcome dude
i wanna go back man.
Dude : Nice throw man did worked out ? Me : I only make love bro. Deeply. #unfollowsyazlysalleh
dude, SAME. Worse than not using it though is people who put it on AFTER they've started turning or making a lane change.
fuck dude I want one now
Khan will fight another 140 at 147. Dude is a fraud.
dude you look ripped I'm scared
Lmao dude give it a break!!! Your obsession with Hillary is boarding sickening.
Lil dude was not in the mood.
lol same to you dude fr
thanks dude miss you a lot
if this dude doesn't leave me alone I swear I'm gonna go ninja on him oh my god
Love Kyle Whittingham.. Dude never over celebrates a win because he is never surprised by it. His pre-game speeches fire me up!
"Who knew that this new dude can spit coocoo and rap sicker than a new flu I\'m like a guru" #RETWEEET
I just wanna save every dude I see on campus with a dry afro, braids or fade. C'mere boo, let me oil ya scalp.
dude #ThreeFaces is dropping a new single before the end of this month #showlovespreadlove
Dude, did it hav to b such a scary clown? Hate clowns! My huz sent me this once, he lhao!
the dude abides
Awh! Thanks dude!
dude, tell me it ain't sick lol
shit dude. oh my god. holy fuck
bro I cant believe I fell asleep waiting for the package, dude looked at me like "damn nigga" when I opened the door lmao
All I see is sheep posting his shit lmao dude a damn scam
"But I\'m a nice dude with some nice dreams and we can turn this into a nightmare on elm street."
is such a beautiful person inside and out. Wish I was a dude, I would date her.
FYI from Queens of the Dude Ranch
dude that is ghosts
I\'m gonna be another girl bc i\'m avoiding making boys who\'d say smth like "oh yeah dude i seriously love dicks i mean do u w
dude I woke up with my lamp on and my phone across the room
3-Year-Old DJ STEALS The Show On South Africa's Got Talent! This Little Dude Is Awesome!
Needs more work on his Dude! Grenade!
Held a door open for a Chinese dude. He thanked me like i saved his mum's life.
'smile when you still have teeth' but you laugh and smile at every single thing dude
mad this dude waited til the end of class to turn on the air
no matter how old that guy is .... That's so NOT cool dude
It was awesome running into tonight! One classy bro. Love you dude!
Can we not do this right now dude it's early I haven't even had breakfast yet okay give me a break
Man is the funniest dude on Twitter
On damn! I am one fucked up dude.
Dude just exit my life please
Dude literally ALL girls are fake af
Happy birthday dude @Danny_Brammer28
like dude we are only human
I'm really trying dude.
hey dude in 2nd period, turn ur slipknot down please
I\'m gonna be another girl bc i\'m avoiding making boys who\'d say smth like "oh yeah dude i seriously love dicks i mean do u wanna see mine"
How felt when dude showed up at school the other day lol
hey dude, big fan!
you're crazy my dude
Watched the end of #Merlin again last night and dude....can #ColinMorgan ever act.
If this dude don't go on stop calling me ima have to tell my best friend don't give my number to nobody else
this dude blew his breath on me I ain't been feeling right since then
"at least you did your hair that one day" thanks dude
I LOVE YA DUDE
dude yes! I made like $600 playing blackjack last month!
Omfg you're annoying asf dude
lol im done dude
tell Hague the dude gained 41 lbs in the offseason. #redflag
Man up dude!
what's DM dude I have tried everything even unfriended people to make room for you but no joy so what's DM
Dude... I think I need stitches it won't stop bleeding
....you're the fitness dude...should a post workout meal be or @McDonalds?....or @culvers?
This n**** though!!!!! Dude!!!!! Like SHAME!
That was cool dude...
The nation needed spiritual uplifting, but dude, get back to work! There's flooding everywhere!
lol dude
whatever dude u must be watch other games if u thought Chip wasn't being outcoached in every game but last.
Its true that i dont put watermark or anything but at least ask?? Common sense dude...i did that drawing and its..mine..
Happy birthday dude
"Wow dude, calm down." #Bot
DUDE CAN YOU STOP YOUR LAST SEEN. RUDE.
DUDE SAID "IF MY NIGHA SELLING CLOTHES ETC DONT TRY TO SELL THAT SHIT TO ME FOR 50 CASH. I WOULDNT BUY A POLO T FOR THAT MUCH!"
This random Dude at my job just came up to me and I thought he said "Lauren Baltimore died" I said what ? He said "lord Voldemort died"
I would have divorced this dude after the first prank where he tricked her into thinking he accidentally threw...
great show dudes thats rgt brown bear show them emotions dude jst meens u a true man
hey dude!!! I can in about 1 hour can you?
This dude stink so bad
good morning I told you to text me dude smh
dude chill wtf....
there's a polish aleksandra in my class and I call her ola. everyone else thinks Im talking about this norwegian dude called ola
Your article, as usual, is great. But dude... it's Kiefer Sutherland.
I'm snap on this dude when he pull up
don't know her so why don't you ask...tell her to unblock all your accounts lame ass dude
I guess you could say...what? You wanted a pun? No puns. Your monitor broke. Fuck dude
Na du Nudel whaz up dude
dude...r u ok.....
dude happy birthday. Welcome to the depressing 23 clu
no you are in here now, you got me like this dude
that's kind of a big dude.
that is so great. I freakin love it. Good #tweet dude! Keep it up!
Been played wit many of times but I got over it cause it's not important time I I can't get back that's cool too it's a lesson in it all
everything ok dude?
i love when a dude look you in the eyes
dude why's it post twice
LOL DUDE &lt;3 positive vibes guys!
REMEMBER THAT SAKURACON WHERE THE DUDE TRIED TO JUMP OUT OUR HOTEL WINDOW
I've seen Cornell play with Audioslave and Soundgarden but omg...in an acoustic setting you realize that the dude can sing his ass off.
Wrong move dude!
Pasta for dinner. Yum.
When a dude wants to give me attitude before ten in the morning
nah dude you're wrong lol
Hey dude, this book rules. Took me years to read it . Blame
dude I'm at my house and it honestly smells like u haven't showered in a year
That had me weak dude
dude this movie ruined my life
Dude the same thing happened to me today at a McDonald's!
I'm gonna be that old dude always eating by himself at restaurants
Maan eeeverybody keep sayin i look like ole dude
goshh no dude i have rights to miss you anymore
dude you called it
Bwahaha dude wasflirting with me and he was like, I know, you've got a man who's much younger and more talented than I am and I was like wha
dude on the right can barely contain the laughter
lmao jesus chill dude aight
This dude's kid keeps smacking me and I'm biting my tongue.
This is bullshit, dude.
yeah dude about to head back to Clemson
"Stoned, how dude do I look?"
True, but dude I already have 2 tattoos!!!
dude when we getting some new music? I wanna save for tour tickets
check this dude out! @NoEmotion954
oh dude that's actually a quote from that Christmas song I was tellin u bout !!
dude I was a ER nurse and CCU/ICU nurse, I have critical thinking. Just not when it come to the likes of you
dude also ate napkins at lunch in 5th grade
good to see you presenting the edge much better then the other dude
Woahh. Woahh, then I trust you dude
dude i miss @Violetmonii_
I say bro and dude wayyy too much
Just spent 30 minutes going over dividing variables. This guy raises his hand and goes "so it\'s basically like dividing" yeah no shit dude
HAHAHA dude I swear everyone's saying the same thing!
My intro to micro professor just complimented my nails... He's a dude.
should be there now dude!
When you're in a lecture and you throw your pen at the dude in front of you
I dont think that dudes your dude.
when u meet your girlfriend/boyfriend's parents for the first time u want to make a good impression
Every dude on the timeline
You know, if you\'re a dude, and you want to have a "sexy" Halloween costume, but can\'t find one. Stop looking where st
Dude fuck the dream I had last night
dude I want this whole song
Dude, words hurt even more than actions.
Today in Soap Opera History (October 13)
Happy birthday miss you man and can't wait to see you! Have a great day dude
You make me the happiest dude alive
Dude?? @rhyleFUDGEaOreo
congratulations on the license back my dude
dude took the whole cash register right outta Burger King. Smh.
I only knew Del as the dude from Gorillaz for so long. So its funny to hear the opposite.
mike allens the dude from it takes a nation of millions intro
Happy Burfday my dude!!
I genuinely want to throw that dude off a cliff but I learned how to be patient thanks to you! :D
can't let a wack dude get near me...
stick to football dude. If Tejada isn't injured we're not even talking about this. Good hard baseball by #Utley
Not gonna happen dude. Keep on dreaming!
"Grayson is cute. Ethan is so ugly" dude, they look the same
Yeah, goin' baaack to back w/ my dude last Saturday.
I was disappointed with his performance until the last drive dude foreal
What are you talking about stop ing on my page dude GEEZ that's aggy asf
dude where should i go
thanks dude, I can smell u all the way on the third floor
Same dude! But..im 13. nah. Jk
that dude is a prof at yale? for fuck alls sake
check out this dude...
Omg he looks like the dude from Atlantis!!!
happy g day my dude!!
dude who superliked me on tinder just contacted me i wonder what he wants.... except my fine fat ass
Dude. This is our year. ;o) #Bills #BillsMafia #Buffalo #buffalobills
u need to stop with the sappy tweets and start putting up points dude. Drop the girl if u have too. Idc
If you are going to wear lipstick...GREAT!! Just dont try and cover up those chapped lips, cause we see all that skin peeling on there dude!
Drove past a landscaping truck, locked eyes with a dude who started dry humping a garbage can and telling me to come closer
lets be honest dude, see maloney, martins, nesta, and many many more DP, they play lower than they did in europe,dont make effort
Rip English dude
Lmao go @ her dude
Dude in my calc class just asked for a combo of a product rule plus chain rule plus implicit differentiation problem on our test.
that's awesome dude, I'm going as well, flying in from Minnesota on Friday. I want to see the slaughter live in person.
dude! I hope you're alright now- that sounds awful.
Amiri King is the type of dude that'll sleep with your girlfriend and send you the video.
Is that the dude from he-man?
This dude really gave himself a job promotion on LinkedIn. I'm looking like u know good doggone well that's not ur job title
The catfish episode where it's actually a dude pretending to be a girl who says he's not gay #catfish
Ive been up for 5 hours already dude
I love Liam's snapchat videos. Have fun with it dude! That's what it's for.
that's what i say right from the start
dude I totally waved back at you today
Details are in descrption to the creators channel, everything is within one download file, incuding emulator, and thanks dude :D
Dude spoke some real stuff on this track
This dude is always staring at me.
She said no #hoco2k15
Im convinced the dude is an extreme coke head
You can tell the dude in front of me got caught with some weed and his dad is scared he'll lose his football scholarship
lol you're always high dude.
wtf over there and dude?
And "you people" who care more about race than anything else is embarrassing. Seriously dude... Grow the fuck up
"THEY GENDERBENT THAT FUCKER A LOT, OKAY? IT\xefS STILL A HE. I MIGHT BE A DUDE, BUT I\xefM STILL A GIRL. KINDA."
Caught his dude pulling tricks on his BMX all by his lonesome on a canal way in Amsterdam. #VSCO
ole dude want a message from you
wow really cool dude thanks :D
do whatever is best for you dude your health is more important
dude im so fucking tired i slept only like 1 and a half hours
"It\'s just flirting dude"
You know, if you\'re a dude, and you want to have a "sexy" Halloween costume, but can\'t find one. Stop looking where straight people shop.
i knw shit dude hahaha
This dude I'm training stank like fuck
it does dude.
some dude got killed by a street sweeper on 15-501 last night... how does that even happen tho
Dude, Im one of the biggest BTS fans.. I know if your ass is lying about liking us or not. Gtfo
Dude you can't smell?
Cause the dude dont give a fck
. dude used a lot of words to say "snow ball-effect."
Dude really walking to class barefoot
50 England goals Wayne Rooney And a certain dude called "Own Goals"
You\'re not a "dude" so if you wish to call me dude then I will accept that
Done dude
dude I don't see it happening but do you know how hype it would be if we got Chip Kelly? Completely new look to everything
Is It Me Or Does This Dude Sound Just Like Tupac??
this guys dude HAHH omg
Wow - this dude is the half black version of Archie Bunker = bigot extraordinaire. Except Archie knew the definition of humility.
cool beans dude
idk just some dude in a pu
I already told you, I don't have time to disgrace you with my rhymes today. Sorry, dude.
I'ma dude
A pretty face will only take you so far... Unless you look like Beyonc\x82 and marry a rich dude.
If its because boras you can't hate the Marlins dude.
so my group mate just spelled Philippines as "Philipeens"....... dude seriously
Morning dude!
lol dude 16k tickets already sold.....
dude this traffic is about to make me an hour late wtf
Dude I'm so tired and sad and tired and sad and ugh
Everyone hates that one dude
dude I knew you were going to say that
love this game! Great video dude
Vocally, you blow me away and lyrically, you write shit worth writing. Your talent is unreal. Plus you're a fucking nice dude
Forgot I had business at car place this morning, so I'm trying to make notes on my phone while dude watches morning news show. *sigh*.
I'm just a generally nice dude
I got hit in that clip dude!
Just wanna get this class over with.. It's so stressful dude.
Been playing against my man Ricky since we were like 11!! Dude is a stud congrats Rick!!!! @12RickyPerez
i'm just being realistic dude
Tyler- Dude move Me- why? Tyler- im crop dusting @TylerWhatUp
thank god I got sick and my sinuses clogged up over the weekend, this dude in front of me smells like asssssss. take a fuckin shower
I agree with Loch on this one. Just can't relax with a dude rubbing my upper buttocks. Just can't.... #massage
cmon dude get it together
nothing screams "good morning" like the nurse team leader throwing Halloween decorations at me. seriously, dude?! ugh!
Hehe thanks dude.
Will do Yes, I will dude
Durian smells gross? Dude, have you ever smelled dried period blood? That shit is beyond nasty af.
Yup it's just then line. I'm done arguing dude. U believe what u will
WOW DUDE YOU REALLY HAVE BAJILLION FEELS FOR MINSEOK I AM SCREAMING @fanxinq_
This dude had the best version AMAZING Hotline Bling - Drake - (William Singe Cover) via @YouTube
dude this is so 1721
Slipped into the 2000 RnB section on youtube, Ja Rule.. Why do you sound in so much pain dude.
I TAKE FUCKING A LEVELS DUDE. OFC SCREW SPM LA.
Yikes ??????????????? This the phone I had the last time somebody sent me a dude
dude! Just listened to the podcast with Karan. What a passionate and inspiring guy! Enjoyed it more than the Tim Ferriss one!
Happy birthday cam! love you sm hope you have a great day dude
Weird shit. I off all twitter noti. Tapi asyik kluar. Whats so special bout ur acc dude.
Welcome, dude. And thanks for at least starting a conversation for us Brown Actors stuck playing Thug, Techie, or Terrorist
dude stfu
Someone would tweet, "Yo some dude named Jesus just fed like 5000 of us from just 5 loaves of bread and 2 fish. It\'s lit"
Bummer dude (CA speak for that sucks)
Dude! Thanks for the to your mega mass of followers! You media socialite ;D
What's your problem, dude?
yeah, that special operation. What you waiting for dude?
I'm trying to tell em rock dude a problem
Your a Fanboy dude
Im honestly straight with being a side dude
HA Happy #NoBraDay - dude it's no bra day EVERYDAY! #WAH baybee
hands and said "whoa, I don\'t know why you have to insist, we\'re on the same side" like I\'d slapped him. C\'mon, dude.
HBD to my a1 day one have s good one dude!
How da fuk did french montana get signed? That dude raps like he got down syndrome #DownSyndromeAwareness
lemme know when you find him dude owe child support
Fuck dude this is comedy hahahahaha
Tasered dude is a city councilman. And everybody is country as a buttermilk biscuit.
I'm such a brat lol I love you dude
you're a cool dude you do cool things its pretty cool @JoshuaDtown
Out of all the damn empty chairs in this room this dude sits right next to me. So close he can prolly read this
Thats not how you win a heart, dude. You dont play dirty, disgusting, desperate moves just to show you still have a c
My knees dude
dude go to bed
omg yes dude! That's awesome
And my dude. I think u right.
nah dude you don't get it, the gators are allowed to cheat because Jameis was a big stupid meanie
Dude, Jimmy John's CEO is a trophy hunter. Please don't help fund his ego trips.
Dude this video is giving me so many chills O.o
This dude talks so much Ra Ra
Dude but guys honestly.. If I took BJJ instead of boxing.. Well uh I would pass out not from the strain but his face
This guy is salty #ItGetsBetter dude you sir are an idiot
First first dude !
Unblocked him on Instagram and this happened. Like DUDE CHILL
Give this boy the Glo he deserves. One cold dude right here.
I freaking bet dude! especially when you like to go fast.
why you ain't say nothing earlier dude.
wea det cum frm dude
Nice bio dude.
I'm jp dude.
Yaah..I like him cos he is so energetic and cool dude...by t way who is ur all time fvrt?
hell nah. It was Edson that dude is a various
What good is having a dude if he not there when you need him
Our baby girl cookin' prime time! Bobby Flay watch out dude! SA
my dude. Thanks mike
:-) good work dude!
You just know that Urban Meyer is the type of dude to give out apples on Halloween #OhioStateHateWeek
last dude spits fire
This dude was definitely a lion in a past life.
thanks dude!!! How's life with you, I gotta catch up!
sup dude.
dude I feel you ugh!
Nick Hipa from Wovenwar is the chillest dude.
Things I hear in class: "yeah when the hurricane hit a private plane came and picked me and my friends up" Me too dude me too...
My type is always the cheery dude but I'm physically attracted to Mikoto bc hot ossan
im friends with efren the netflix dude
Jst don't reply dude your just wasting ur time 2 d people's don't understand isn't?! #ALDUBStayWithMe
DUDE IT WAS SERIOUS IT WAS SO FUNNY @TengPalermoFour
DUDE THERE'S A SONG TITLED 'OLIVIA' IN MITAM ITS A FICTIONAL CHARACTER I MADE IN MIDNIGHTS IM SCREAMING #EMAB
looks so great dude!! I'm glad to hear there's a new Monster show, that's a fun concept!
Got only my 2nd job interview in 6 months of searching. Should I abandon the way of the Dude and shave my beard off?
You are not alone dude
This dude is sending people an email threatening to contact employers.
dude it's Silver St. Cloud! baby Bruce gonna have a girlfriend soon enough right. lol and Selina might be jealous awhhh #Gotham
lmao that dude got a 95
LMAO I SAW DUDE.
I'm to hard on myself dude .....
Check out the homie he's an awesome dude also he sits next to me in science
Fav if you are Handsome Dude . ;-)
Cain would've been that dude throwing shade on other dudes in wimminz DMs.
and if our staff allows some random dude on our sideline
dude you dont tell ppl to killthemselves idc if youre joking or being sarcastic its not ok fucking understand that
dude, I'll be there #NDvsusc. fyi weather f-cast. Highs Saturday upper 40's and Satruday night lower 30's.
hhariri vcsjones Dude. Looks at those lines. The Design. It just shines.
I get out st 8 ill call u after dude
also im certain it's actually the prettiest game i out now. like the visuals, lighting, environment. like holy fuck dude
Dude how's life?
I said it last night, but Take Care era simp Drake is a thing of the past. We have to let it go now. Dude realizes he's o
that dude needs a Oscar lol
Why is it that I see boys in Chs walking around with their backpacks hanging. Like you can't even wear a backpack correctly dude?
my boy ! You gotta do that my dude
This dude in my class sneezed, then proceeded to say "bless me" "thank me" smh
Dude you didn't tell me you had a girlfriend
#ChurchOfGronk Every reading is from Chapter 69 of Dude-eronomy.
lmao really dude
COME TO THE GAME DUDE
Follow your dreams
Dude shell bussing off his shell toes
Imy more dude! How are you? Vball tomorrow?
at first I thought you and scarce where just arguing pointlessly but as I actually start reading your tweets the dude is adouche
The football dude is back, maybe if I could be any saltier I'll dehydrate and die.
dude I don't wear to impress your dick, so chill please.
See, I love Amaechi. Dude is a proper proper babyboy. His dance moves, everything. Hehehehe!!!
dude I can get along with anybody I swear. But I'm always so awkward at first and it gets me nowhere I hate that I get so
the dude.
we should invent that dude. It would be awesome :D
Saves your ass; lets you save others, once jumped a black dude with an eyepatch at a gas station in the middle of the night. remember forev
dude it's Halloween calm down
if u see hope martin today shower that dudie dude w compliments. it's not her b day or nothin she just deserves it
Dude I need to go to the restroom and this stupid sub isn't letting me
aw, man.. well.. the ball's still in your court, my dude
dude check this out your sister got a 95
I just looked it up and dude ain't even using the account anymore. I would've sold the account at $20,000+
dude ,watching Srimanthudu.U wont believe, I was excited about ur cameo.I can't believe u shot urself in foot with a rubbish role
Webby is the true definition of hard work dedication... I fuks with that dude hardbody!!
yea they suck. this one girl was pretty af was tryna argue w| me over a dude, i couldn't even take her serious!
dude, No one is supporting them, but stop pampering your enemies. @BalakrishnanR
Thank you dude. Happy 1st Anniversary. Stay strong lang. Iloveyou.
Cutting up with my dude Bo #NewOrleansBestDipper
I can't even ask my friends to come over our house bc of how shitty this junkyard is. Bullshit.
MILEYS SHOCKING X-RATED FACETIME
Well credit card information was stolen. Shout out to the dude in New Orleans. Enjoy the $100.
dude that's funny
The Men In Black need show up and capture this dude
you're way ahead of me. Go away dude!
Someone give me dfc so I can learn enough to beat up the one dude that plays it at mmm
THIS GUY IS KILLING ME, NO MERCY DUDE WHYYY HUHUHUHU
you already know dude #AllDayBreakfast
Changing "playing #CowboysAndIndians" to #CowboysAndFirstNations totally misses the point, dude.
Dude's a B-League Stephen A
i think minghao is my friend crush. i like him platonically but he is so nice and always says uplifting things like tf dude you
DUDE, that is AWESOME! SO gutted I wont be seeing in person! thanx a lot, your dedication means the W
now we're talking! Hahaha. Dude buat master mmg pokai habis. Heed my words!
"Dude, we\'re a senior" -
I had a dream that a homeless dude took my pillow....
dude my Moms friends name is Paiki and she married a man named Pasikala #relationshipgoals
This dude Skip Bayless is comparing Micheal Vick to Tim Tebow... The disrespect right now...
Happy birthday my dude! @C_Mullins4
He said i don't care dude wtf
Fuck dude bitches are so disgusting ughhhhhhhhhhhh
dude when I was a senior that's what my junior lot looked like spoiled beasts
DUDE THERE'S A SONG TITLED 'OLIVIA' IN MITAM ITS A FICTIONAL CHARACTER I MADE IN MIDNIGHTS IM SCREAMING #EMABiggestFans1D
every series of engagement photos always comes equipped with a whole album of the dude just smelling the girl in the woods
Happy Birthday to my dude Don't get to reckless at the U tonight huge week ahead of us! #sneakyPetes
Dude I am so far away from getting my shit together that the light from shit together's sun will take approximately three years to reach me
Dude! where's my car!?!?!?
i love when females with fat asses wear these
what an exciting life that dude leads.
U so shady dude..when u walk by me u steal my own shadow
dude!!! The First Lady I recognized because she talked football with me before! LOL
banks is my dude
that is the deepest thing I've seen all week dude. thanks.
you're a rude dude you know
New video already holy shit dude :D Lets pray together&lt;3
you're probably just going through a stage dude. I used to feel that way but I know now that it's not like that.
also happend to me dude.... think youtube failed or something....
OMG LITERALLY JUST WOKE UP FROM A DREAM WHERE I WAS BACK IN COMPETITION AND I WAS WATCHING YOU DO POOMSAE AND
teenwolf s5 is way too scary dude plus comfusing to
. I've not dodge if I catch a dude rocking a fake rolex he doesn't get 2 challenge me to a fight no does he? dumbass
that will be awesome dude...hit me up am waiting #BOSSZonke #ASinandaba #Phokunani
Dont fw ole dude no more he nuns my nigag
said yes in a New York minute. Honored to meet you, dude! #shouldhavebeenametsfan
dude I love you so fricking much
you sure bout that? besides I'm a patient dude
Hei dude! @suniabaharani
lmfao Atlantis dude!
Happy birthday to my dude too keep grinding boy
I watched the video of the bull that messed up my dude Jaw! OUCH! Mad props to this guy getting on those animals!!
dude I did pass out
If you lot here on Twitter wanna get in on them early they'll still be \x9c5 for a static battle scene sprite of your dude + flavour text
Seriously? Get a life dude.
So, I'm not-so-good person cause i curse and drink. Then you're a saint cause you don't have vices? Oh shut the fuck up dude.
Dude.. I want us to hang out and take picture together sometiime!! A collab would be super SWEEET
Whoa... Marriage proposal while attending #RAW. That's pretty cool, dude
lol edmonds hypeee. yeah dude we meet up every friday after school in room 133. Tournaments are tbd
DUDE HAPPY BIHDAY! !!!!
thank you dude he blocked mea while ago for calling him out as well
Dude Cant Handle All That Ass (Backseat C ... #backseat #cant
Exams sucks dude!!
today's fun killer is via a lecture from an old white dude in the who is bitter:
Hella dying at @lesielihavili's story right now!! Dude lets KP next week when I get paid! Love miss you
he dude go to email
If she act stupid to many time and y\'all not TOGETHER please cut her off "dude really a Klown bruh"
This dude cant drive!
dude looks so mf bomb today.
this dude always comes over the radio sounding like a douche and I really wanna tell him to shut the fucj up
Bro some dude that claim he know me it ain't nothing bro
dude I was sore as hell the next day haha
Jordan has been robbing the hood since. Kids dying for shoes and the only face this dude makes is I don't care. The ti
I am now going to detox my eyebrows. Dude!
Happy bday to my dude
Poor dude!
spotted someone next to me listening to bastille. we can be friends dude.
If you ever take your driving test at neshaminy tell the mean dude he's a fucking scumbag and his wife prolly cheats on
easy to see why her "techie" dude from State will only plead the 5th, he fails security 101 c
I said it last night, but Take Care era simp Drake is a thing of the past. We have to let it go now. Dude realizes he's on top.
And I'm pretty Pissed that my Malkin jersey is no where to be found
Cinevistaas dude. Experts at killing shows.
When you prepare to talk to your crush who is almost your bf, and somebody decides to come talk to him the WHOLE FUCKING CLASS. Wth dude.
"You want a toe? I can get you a toe, believe me. There are ways, Dude. You don\'t wanna know about it, believe me."
"Dude she looks like me right when I wake up in the morning that\'s sad"
The dude in the middle
Bist cooler Dude
Twin day with my dude Mario
Shout out to the dude that fills the vending machine. Gave me a free Pepsi #Bro
How the dude that was my best friend since 11 or 12 the reason I'm facing 3-5 years listen to this for me and
Happy Birthday my dude, I'll be rippin the bong in honor
dude I did the same thing I totally forgot
I just hope Besler doesn't start so that he'll be somewhat rested for Friday. Dude need's a break.
I'm down to listen to Stephen A about basketball but they have to stop him from talking football. Dude is clueless
dude you are literally complaining about someone yet you are trying to impersonate
That Tarantino quote to me is just a reminder that he is indeed just another self-centered white dude *shrug*
But anyway, dun tayo sa totoo.... Things will eventually work out... So, keep your head up, dude.
lmao dude I don't even know
You ruined all my trust for any dude.
This dude hanging out on my land till after hunting season. Gets bigger every year. #WildlifeWednesday keep it wild.
Look fellas. You're just gonna have to take my lack of ass as is. Cause dude, after watching Dr Miami's videos. Lawd... No.
I'm really trying to help dude right now.. But I know I shouldn't be cause he played tf outta me.
I can't reply, you block me dude.
happy birthday dude x
where are you, dude? It's been so long hahahaha
knew a zigga who REFUSES to see his own flesh blood. Dude has every excuse in the book when it's visiting time son .... BE GRATEFUL
dude it's a JT kinda day lol
The guy on just played Deerhunter, Dungen then Elliot Smith all in a row. What a dude! Wonder what's next?
Freaking out now I absolutely shitting myself for this driving lesson don't even know the dude
a cool thing to do is to run up to a dude you don't know and scream HEY DAVE HOWS IT GOING DID YOUR DICK MEDS EVER CURE
just girly things
**dude**.. Rlly!!
Don't be sad, dude. That useless.... Please keep smiling, because the world want to see that fucking beautiful smile :)
dude dont get the wrong idea k
Trying to decide if I wanna be an ain't shit dude like my friends or not
Wondering if my dude wakes up this early...
dude you deserve it you are
Perk list from Single \x9c1 to Big Boss Mega Bundle \x9c100 77 People X \x9c15 and THE BIG BOSS Gets Funded !
Dude! Trigger warning, please!
My dude Kobe looking good this year
The Cats just got a stud out of the 254!!! This dude can GO! #ACURISE
Let's hope that I got this
Hey dude, I have some exclusive gameplay that I capped, if you want it, shoot me a DM, my DM's are open.
Dude run they're after you
Dunno but that dude was put down by one hell of a hashtag.
dude. we should collab. "I Don\'t Need an Average Soul ft Frank"
Mild day out. TMNT sandals on(badass). Looks like a medium-Large slice of pizza. Cloud gazing too lol, Dude at peace
What a sweet gig! Sorry about your death(s) though, dude
I should stop staying up till 3am when I got class the next morning.
thanks for the shout out dude. X
As if birthday is not even a week before mine! Happy birthday dude.
it's crazy dude .. That was my cousin
Always giving your opinion like it matters like dude you're 21 myob!!!!!
This dude at college just rode one of those segways. I'm so jealous
THIS GIRL IN MY CLASS JUST ASLED ME IF THIS RANDOM DUDE LOOKED LIKE CAMERON THE FUCK I DONT EVEN KNOW YOU
Dude I swear to god I'm just waiting on this bitch to die.
Yeah dude. I miss getting high grades and not wanting to kill my self every second of the day + our batchmates
Dad said he wants to drive us today, he isn't used to small cars. Dude's face is killing me. Lmao
What is going on? Head Ball Coach retiring??? Mad respect to that dude though for making the SC rivalry so good for so long! #Spurrier
:: man dont get that shit dude
I would never fight over a dude. You know why? Cause his best friend asked me out on a date. theres 14 others in my DMs
I hate when girls think to highly of me (hoes always get let down lol) - chill dude everybody know you ain't shit
I asked this dude to play one on one for 100 yesterday and he almost budged until I started killin in 21 lol
Im not insane enough to like or fall in love with 30+ man. Dude. Your penis is rotten. ROTFLMAOWPIMP.
And THIS is how The Coolest Dude Cabir SMASHES The 4th Wall, Like a BOSS! #KY2 #Cabir ht
#budget16 Sorry dude, but this won\'t buy my vote.! Taking a big risk if your hoping this will carry " feel good" factor to
My brother be wanting me to do tha most like dude
if you hate a dude's normie flexing tinder picture, consider: you are not the target market and women who find that dude attractive abound
dude right
the dude has made mona phansi, they can hate him but the nigga he's the leading Rapper at the moment in Sa
Thanks man!So jealous that you managed to catch Parkway Drive!See you when you're back dude!
You got the wrong dude.
dude, I love you a pun
Photo: Man I got to see in his element as well as chill/talk with him. Dude is not only a...
I don't care dude hahaha
Living room gone and dining room/kitchen full of pests. You don't know what you took from me... Can't even call this house a house. So pls.
Hanging out with this grown little dude all day.
dude goof ass too thirsty
Dude, we gotta pull together!
gonna miss you to dude
perfect description of you dude
dude what the hell is your problem,dont talk to me.I have a boyfriend!
Happy Birthday dude see you in 4 days
Apparently there's a dude that wants to legalize the four seasons. Hahahahaha. #Hangalan2016
man next to me is intermittently switching back and forth between german and english for no apparent reason same dude, same
dude preach
She for everybody dude I swear but that's not my pussy so I don't care lol
Not funny dude
hey dude. thanks!!
Nah dude u need the full story lol but that's when I got put on dude a problem
Dude fr?
Me or Brooke don't like this dude Israel seen em at my job yesterday like boy if you don't ...
Dudes from NYC will break up with you and see you with another dude,then call your phone spazzing out.
am I the only person that finds a dude with a mouth full of golds unattractive ?
If you ever take your driving test at neshaminy tell the mean dude he's a fucking scumbag and his wife prolly cheats on him.
Alright, the dude who had the final verse in juice box boys was pretty cold. I'll give em that
Don't forget to stop by our trailer for #trucklandia this week. We'll be sampling Dude,bars! and birthday cake cookies. #atx
haha no prob dude. His covers are daaaamn gooodd
It's not cute to fck with a dude who got a gf . . Like GO GET YOUR OWN MAN !
If it wasn't for dude I wouldn't be here today
dude life is so fucking tiring idek anymore can i not wake up tomorrow
dude think he's alice going to wonderland Reasons to stay away from Brooklyn niggas #347
Dude from the food network just introduced me as "this is Hagen, she\'s mad cool"
Lmao my dude
Why this dude (@ErlendMK) is running - running! - from the Arctic to Paris. #2degrees
hello there dude! Have a great morning
Dude my brother takes foreverrr
Dude where's my roof!?!
easy to see why her "techie" dude from State will only plead the 5th, he fails security 101 common sense #NoSSH
Lol this girl just dropped a like in my Instagram photo, dude, just go fuck your self stupid bitch
Sure are man! Just win the south dude! Anybody but the @AtlantaFalcons!
Dude don't u just love school??? how u wake up early in the morning just to here some dude talk for 55 minutes, then repeat????
Dude come on, my brother died that way. @TripleKyun
the only dude ive met who did that was a coke dealer so idk i can see coke being big on thr force
Whoa that's the same dude who went missing for a few days during Manziels Heisman season
dude sick cape
ugh it's just another old white dude lecturing me
This dude just asked why those two are twins and how are they twins. WTF I'm crying
*calls you dude and babe in the same sentence *
wtf dude. Not even close.
Skip right. Stephen A talks about that Tebow throw but Vick played a worse game yesterday and he praising him. Dude is funny like that
Dude you're ZWEIG seems SKEWED....
Did you know changing the confederate flag is ... ANTI-SEMITIC???
dude, my favorite part working at a grocery store is when people leave those in the parking lot and i get to
Dude, I just got back from holiday...the merch in SA fades to nothing when compared to Aus...explains my 5kg excess baggage..
This Bryson tiller dude is sexy af
Virginity is something so important to me tbh You can be fucking some hot dude and I won't fuck you cause that shit is ode
my decisions dude. mine.
who is god? he's the dude who keeps the planets spinning....
Rico was a skan ass dude.
DUDE I KNOW too bad this man sits in here for like two hours before class even starts every day....
this dude is talking to his friend about his collection of game guides and he estimates like 116 holy shit man
dude this shit is funny af.. A fun run character.. this person ain't real bruh
dude how much does he charge at Nabila's?
Dude my rap game was fuckin on point I should do something about it lol
Super special Happy Birthday shoutout to hope your day is as awesome as you dude
i cant wait to be done with highschool
The fact that this dude buy his girlfriend a $125 ring and no one will buy me a burrito?????? #fml
idk dude I heard My Dick university is great
but no dude you dont understand. like. give us ur fckin money!!
so hostile this morning!! Ps I miss you dude
This dude ugly too
Dude Cant Handle All That Ass (Backseat C ... #backseat
all you girls claim you aren't thots, but thats why half of you hit me and my dude up
fuck no, that would be terrible. that had to be a dude's idea.
I love examiner dude's moustache
missing you a lot dude happy to hear youre alright cant wait for whats to come :)
that's dude dudettes day made #neverfull
this is me dude
I'm naming my kid after the dude who's legalizing the 4 seasons.
HAPPY BIHDAY TO MY BEST FRIEND NICK!! I hope you have an amazing day dude! Much love @Salorionick22Mr
Oh, but wait, dude gave me a compliment on them yesterday, so nvm
Black dude on Judge Mathis just compared Canton, OH to a "hard rough place to grow up" ?? Bro, stop.
Isnt he the dude with Jaejoong last CISM??? Can you get Jaejoong's sign for me too? Lol.
HOLY CRAP THE DUDE FROM FOXY SHAZAM IS IN THAT MACKLEMORE SONG.
Respect my dude !!
HE MIST HAVE BEEN DONE WITH EVERYTHING THAT HE WAS EXPERIENCING THAT TIME BUT DUDE U DONUT KNOW WHAT UR MISSING
Always my dude, mad love. Imma hit you when I wake up... Cuz I'm still awake.
Man I swear I Will Hurt You dude
This is one beautifully clumsy argument for the Confederate flag:
sorry, dude. Suck it up
Make up your mind dude
you gots school dude
Haha dudeyou are so cute bro. Want to be my bf? Bf means brofriend, so its like double the bro. Youre my best bro dude. I love you man. I r
haha ya i wanna go dude piss
today I told this dude that his girl is really pretty he goes what girl , tryna front? Like dude yo girl bad and u n
dude smh lol u just get better better
dude, heck ya man!
nice one dude!
Happy brother dude, I miss you and miss playing with you @Real_DSloan
Sitting in the bus and looking through the window, guess what I saw? A dude taking a piss..don't u guys have damn bathrooms at house!!? Hell
next Friday!
Don't be that dude: Handy tips for the male academic via I'm still much too of
Worlds biggest screw up goes to me . It never fails dude
ohhhhh man! That's a good one.. He was a DUDE!
Sorry 2 all my friends today I sound like a dude
Actually it doesn't. It just says they're excited to work. Let it go dude. BR is gone, put the voodoo doll away.
dude look at my last quoted tweet
dude my next semester is all 8 ams bc I had no choice I was just like "damn Nikki told me not to do this" the entire time
hahahaha you're a freaking savage dude
Man U don't know how hard I just laughed, you stupid dude
Caption what? Kmt forget it Just Ahhh d d d d dude
#dude #world #payne #yellowtail U #produce: 10 #easy #steps to your short film,: Easy Step by step Beginner Guide
I'm about to just go home dude.
Happy birthday to my dude turn up bruh! Nothing but positive vibes your way today G!
I guess 9 months with this dude is pretty rad
Lorena Bobbitt and then dude coming back from that situation to do porn
Happy birthday to my dude have a good one!
LMAO DUDE MY VINES SUCK YOUR HONESTLY BETTER OFF STUDYING FOR YOUR EXAM BECAUSE IT WILL BE LESS BORING
dont let people walk all over you and take advantage of you dude, its not worth it
Cant even fucking sleep in, i'm so mad dude
I Need Me A Dude That's Not To Over Protective
dude i though should i go for it or nah. the distance was unreal like wutthafuq
haha. Can't recall the last time I see a black dude. Scotland for you.
wind turbine ?! Dude how many million do you think I have ?
There is still a lot of hard work to do over the next few week... More for Leo
I have a whole fake number I give out to every dude
How every dude who plays a sport poses
we say "dude" more than is allowed.
wow dude you really broke my feelings like damn dude it gonna hurt me. nah. Ahah
Happy Birthday to the fam it's been a pleasure watching you grow over the years my dude, keep making dope music
Niggas trip wearing shorts and short sleeve shirts today... Summer over dude
Why lil dude say my name last night like we was cool naw lil guy
dude sluggish game. One sided.
Hey dude. Who do I need to contact to license Runnin' for a motocross film?
Virginity is something so important to me tbh You can be fucking some hot dude and I won't fuck you cause that shit is ode special
When a little kid says bye they yell it over and over and over until you are out of they site
Dude I opened the door and this girl just GROWLED at me omg wyd lol
Obama: It Is Easier To Buy A Gun Than A Book Dude's delusional. #tcot #gundebate #dems #gop
S/O to for coming through on our 50k bet. Super legit dude... @LegitCoinGames
Dude I won't feelin today too throwed.
IF I FAILED THAT TEST DUDE
I really don't understand those people who treat their friends badly. Dude don't you have a heart?
dude this image ugh
A Short History of the Shaka Great to know #coolas #bestjobintheworld #dude #idc #PADI
OMG YOU HAVE TO LISTEN DAT DUDE
The dude next to me literally googles every question the teacher asks just to sound smart and I wanna call his ass out so bad hahhaa
dude please do. Things like this make me think people sometimes choose to get offended
Ha ha ha Yeah dude....Torontos manager put LSD in his Pumpkin Spice Latte before the game.
Some friendly advice to male colleagues on how not to be "that dude
Word Joe Biden lost his son this year. Dude needs to chill. Im not even mad that hes not running
dude that's your bio
what's wrong dude??
, actually he\'s a friend of mine really feminine and stuff so when we together people be like " is that a du
This dude talks too fast for a kids show#MyTalent #HecticNine-9
It's only 1 dude I have ever dated that has met all my uncles and been around basically my whole family and he made it thru
I'm getting fired dude! I can tweet and text iPhones but I can't fucking give one call to my boss! I hate this phone
Dam!! The dude has some hops! #beast
I know that gay shit fucked her up. That's my biggest fear being with an undercover dude
In 6th inn yesterday, dude told me he'd buy a beer for every non-cards fan in his vicinity if Soler homered. You know how that turned out.
This dude will not stand still for the life of him. Like Ik holding that sign and wait for cars to come would be boring but damn
I swear life is scripted
It's all fun and games till a dude gets breast cancer
#budget16 Sorry dude, but this won\'t buy my vote.! Taking a big risk if your hoping this will carry " feel good" factor to 2016.!
Cant wait to pick up my little dude today. :)
The fuck dude? HAHAHA
Tutorial: How to put a condom via spanish drag queen puts on condom on a dude and lightly rubs the dick
NP: Scarface Fuck Faces (feat. Too $hort, Devin 'the Dude' Tela) #nowplaying computers:
There's like 2 teachers in my school that are so fine dude
dude im watching ur vid called whisper challenge and i am laughing
Dude pls, i top up my 3g again.
Dude, I will let you know when the series finale is approaching. I'm your Gravity Falls guy.
#NextepIndia #AvidBuildtech Making India proud congrats dude you make us all proud -AA
Photoset: straightmenworshipping: straightdudesexting: Straight hung dude BIG DICK STRAIGHT HUNK
I know dude , what are you getting?
She still kept the sticker I'm gONe dude IM GONE
what heaphones are you using dude?
Me if i was a dude now tell me who is atrackted to me bahahaha
Happy birthday we've had some good times love you dude
Man if I see another dude do this triller video leave that for the females
crazy shit to think about dude
... not beautiful. Agreed. Anyway happy birthday yesterday from this ugly dude.
Falling asleep while walking dude
yesss im on the roll dude ! Wasn't yesterday's afternoon though
Dude was LaDainian Tomlinson playing QB with a howitzer for an arm. Super inaccurate but damn was he exciting to watch
Onward and upward dude!
I'll let anyone copy me bc I know the struggle dude. we all just trying to pass and get outta here.
Congrats on 4 million dude @dylanobrien
Happy birthday dude love you &lt;3 @Paytemp
Omg Damn. Bruhh.. this dude killed this Hotline Bling Cover
dude he'll run you over!!
this dude that work here look like lil John too real
This dude really made me get a tardy when I'm 2 feet away from the door
haha awesome avi dude
Those guys ain't nice
Dude 3: Blueberries are a super food? Like I will be able to fly after?! Obviously I won #Breakfast
So am I the only one who thought TLC was singing about some dude named Jason Waterfalls when I was younger?
yaa dude i m in much fever of it but what if ur getting food n what what who not to whom u wan feed wheter a quality food 2rech
dude yes as soon as that AC cuts off I'm like thank god
HAPPY BIHDAY TO THE ONE PERSON WHO KEEPS ME SANE AT WORK @its_rheTORIcal_!!!!!!!!! have an awesome day dude
wtf that dude a scru
Dude I thought he was gay.
HAHAH tis dude here is super cute
He looks like a dude that might be in alt-porn.
might be the most genuine dude i've ever met. and i hope that he and my big sister, anna, last effin forever
Ummmmm whenever dude :D
dude me too just came in the mail
Those who are cheering to have Nusrat Fateh Ali birthday on google should know it's only for Pakistan dude not worldwide.
DUDE IT WAS RECONNECTING FOR ABOUT 80 YEARS
Happy birthday to my dude Everyone stop what you're doing show him some love, he just
ME and dude
....sigh That's all I can manage for that dude anymore
oh dude its 9pm, watching TV and I want to destroy a bag of chips. The struggle is real.
EVERYONE CHECK THIS TRACK WITH ME AND MA DUDE
Lets all wish a very happy b-day to that dude J-Fred . Hope its a good one!
Dude. Garbage
Dude, this is so cool. It inspired me to walk the route irl on Saturday. Check it out
niggas always claiming how crazy they "really" are...whole time, this the dude that used to rush to the short bus.
Dude, SMH!
the wall is ahead. And winter. And some random dude blowing bubbles with a sign "the end is near"
dude! I can\'t agree more. On some "Why do you dress like we do, you wanna be like us so badly but you never will"
because guglielmout only makes sense if you\'re in on the "Guglielmo out" joke, my dude. Gotta be inclusive, ja feel
Dude. I have 4 TV series, a podcast, two films in production. I work like 19 hours a day.
lol dude I rarely ever go out there now! But I wanted to today maybe next week???
Shoutout to for making the pack I released for 500 subs! Much love dude &lt;3 c:
Ya header makes mi crei dude
Devin The Dude Potluck Announce Happy Holidaze Tour -
she's insane dude. most artists are all auto tune, she has genuine talent.
In case you don't know, that was Rob Whalen, one of the Mets prospects dealt to ATL for Uribe/Johnson. Lifelong Mets fan. Awesome dude.
it never ends dude lol
balloons are up! Happy birthday dude!
"Pass the ball you big black negro" Skyler chill dude holy fuck
dude just text me I barley have enternet @Haieeley
ditto, dude- anytime! Mine is a long term/lifetime thing (5years counting) so am mostly too bored to rant. NOT ALWAYS THO :)
Last night I had an epiphany on this page I've been chipping away at on a one-shot. Something felt ... off. Dude looks like he does leg day.
the big Samoan dude dancing tho #crazyexgirlfriend
I wouldn\'t expect a dude to put his jacket over a puddle for me...if I saw a guy do that I\'d be like "YOU GON MESS UP Y
dude i've been stressed every tuesday since july. I wake up and go fuck its tuesday.
Disappointed that the dude I was meeting at 730am is sick so I am here, early, for no reason. At least the stars were pretty this morning.
I propose we do away with race. From now on there will be no more White, Brown, Black, etc... From now on we are all "DUDE" #WeAreAllDude
The one dude with the mustache made me laugh.
My morning carpool is shit. We get to school at 7:15 like wtf school starts at 7:50 is this dude on crack
somebody gotta play that at the next dallas party so I can get live.. lemme start some beef w/ a Miami dude so the song will be more lit.
Dude, today is not a good day
Some dude is straight up smoking a blunt on this septa train. Philly gives 0 fucks
dude leave the college and do what you want to do
lmfao I know dude I kept trying to unlock it for like 5 minutes
they bug me out dude
But Tommy dude, on the up side wants to form 4 Hillary after National Convention!
This little girl in my class be fwit EVERY dude in here smh
dude it the sex number
that's the joke dude Hahahah
wow you have come so far since I discovered you dude. Love seeing you grow. Respect
Hakuna matata dude that shits annoying! I promise to stfu on the subject from meow on haha
Dude I should have done online, like my ability to get up on time for regular school is almost nonexistent
hell yeah dude!!
I know dude. I saw that and was like 100% stayed the same.
This dude rng is on point
also, look after please. He's Metro's new social media dude.
Photo: So there isnt much I could say to accurately how amazing this dude is and how awesome these last...
Anyone know who this dude is?
Who wore it better? in Vogue via Evan, you 'jumped the shark', dude! Good for you.
- i hate when people text me then take 2hours to reply. like bitch gtf on
fucking insane
This is the type of white dude I'm looking to meet asap!
Help my boi get to 200 followers so go follow my dude
Dude almost died
dUDE WE NEED TO MAKE A GROUPCHAT. SO WE CAN RANT.
This dude is the truth and cool as hell. Thanks for the photo op
DUDE! Congrats to both of you!!!
Shoutout to for bringing me a charger cord yesterday for my phone and being the best dude ever.
Dude that sits behind me in class smells like STRAIGHT bud like hey buddy, we all smell you.
omg I forgot dude
dude I'm 35. We all knew what Columbus did when I was in grade school.No one gave a shit. We wanted a day out of school. Lol
Seriously dude. I make too much money to be this poor haha
I liked a video DAT DUDE Young Dub AKA Johnny Bravo FT $killz
motherfucking Jesse Eisenberg JESUS Christ fuck dude mother fucking Facebook movie bullshit JESUS can you fucking believe this shit God damn
Voting for Swedish, hope this helps dude. for #SmashSummit via @smashgg
end your life dude
Me: would you like a belt buckle that says 'swag' in diamonds to go with it? Orion: I just thought Me: it's called class du
Sitting In The Library Some Dude Walks Up And Slides Me A Piece Of Paper With His Numba On It Threw That Shit Right Ina The Trash
This is not the last dude
I use to just laugh to help my grade out like " lmao dude you funny
dude... Clearly Wergsdfg sdfg w4thdfsd gh
You're annoying dude. It's fine i don't care anymore. whether i'm annoying or not i still say true to myself
" dude, head to Baton Rouge with the lines! SEXY
" dude! where you at?" Im at home.. kilode? Sho wa alright?
Someone tell me why I caught this dude drinking carrot juice and doing aerobics in nothing but spandex #suspect
I've seen a gay dude knock another guy out cold for verbally abusing him. He straight smacked the homophobia out of homey
no dude it's bothering me as well seeing your art being treated like that
dude this coughing is unbearable (I can almost hear Cassandra doing her iconic disgusted noise in the distance)
Dude it's 12:03 am and s new single isn't out yet!!!! comon boys release it already!!!!
Lana aint even tell me my damn dude was just calling from jail
"L\'chaim! dude I\'d be a really good Jew" -trout @marrymebatman1
yeah dude HAHAHAHA what is this
Dude films stretched holes of his girlfriend #Teen
I'm cool thanks dude. Whats your prediction for the Fury fight?
wtf dude didn't need to send me his dirty earbuds tho
Some dude keeps driving his lawnmower by my bedroom window literally the most aggravating sound ever
Happy birthday to the dude like MJ we 23
hahaha.....Dude Cracks Me UP!!! Glad that you're loving the podcast too! Spread the word!! :)
What's it like being a wildlife biologist dude, tell me your experiences :)
congrats man dude w
yeah dude. Already re-watched it once.
Thanks dude, you would have been proud @snoopeh
Swear Hope you slept well my dude lmao
dude on Maury told his wife she not safe either cause he's not the father of they kids
So negative and that shit irritating
dude congrats!
Hey just a little free advice ain't Bush dude! He's an Hawaiian who's got Chicago creds don't play @C
Still waiting patiently for my first interview - put in a good word there dude ;)
won't be carrying my fantasy team hope you get better dude!
Remember, folks, Quentin Collins is the coolest dude named Quentin. And he's been a ghost, a zombie, a werewolf, and a Dorian Gray.
Never been w/a chubby dude but I've always wanted too.
Still looking for this dude...
Lmfao You Kno What Dude Fuck You
Love this dude!! The Cobbles
happy birthday dude, hope it's a good one
no feeling that way the now dude! Cannae fuckin wait for hockey
dude he hates me
dude he said it crystal clear
Dude fuck data plans
love u too dude :))))
Every dude believes he needs to provide his family and every dude hates depending on his... #porn #xxx pls
Hot Asian Dude Makes His Girl Cum and Cum: Fresh hot Hot Asian Dude Makes His Girl Cum and Cum #TotalPorn - Po...
Headache after I rooting VI
lool dude is training to be an accountant and could possibly be on \x9c40k+ by then
im so dizzy right now dude. @rjqmartin
I slept on this dude's music for way too long and I regret that! Hear follow on
$20 #FFL Transfer, #Friendly, #Automated, #Convenient
Photo: Hot dude
Das my dude Dawn! Chris Dae-Dae gonna turn up our season!
I'm happy for that dude like you
so close to promove dude
BUT OMG DUDE HAHAHA ITS GONNA BE FUN
Dude...genius!!!
Thanks Adam!Definitely dude!Take care man
akiharu is a really trill dude. $wagmaster john
rickia cracks me up dude
dude o stayed strong with you even if they said they had you covered
Met dude in August. He comments on my old pictures almost every day. I have not uploaded a new picture in over 8 weeks.
politics fuck yeah dude
I'll Try Lol Swear I've Ran Into Every Type Of Dude Including That It's The Same Outcome.
#Granny,#Mature,#Milf,#Old,#GrannyGlasses: Salacious Blond Haired Bitch Gets Fucked Doggy By Black Dude
I hope dude.. just pisses me off you know?
Dude watching old sx races gets my mind off of everything
I would much prefer a camera on Pagano's dad, @RealPMitchell. Dude is a boss.
that'd solve so many problems. text me dude
So I guess I'm the only one mad this dude is polluting the office by coughing every 30 seconds...
Dude killed this
either you just brave af or you really just a 'idgaf about what u think' type of dude
dear goodness. I'm pretty sure I had a crush on the blue dude
Hey Alex it works! you are too cool, dude! tks
I'm still laughing at how dumb this dude can be.. Smh
i need to shove my face into so much food dude
but dude how to move on w/ this
dude I know #thankgodforbuffalos
builder dude putting in some insulation don't worry he's probably not a horrible cold blooded murder
nice platform dude! We are putting up a tower ourselves soon. Only issue is I don't like heights that much!
who's better this dude or
Oh my god dude this bitch has their kid with her on the train and she's witnessed all of this holyyyyyyy shitttttt
But kidding aside dude like why make your life difficult? Do something ya fat fuck.
dude baby Bruce is the exception, I luv him so. I'm just still salty they killed off Jerome and Alfred punched Selina #rude
Dude...I'm starving
dude my mom wakes up at like 4:30 everyday anyway
Dude I'm so fucking over everyone
My dude better curve these hoes like.....
haha I am not I just find it hilarious but also that episode was weird dude
dude that happened to me too but i got my account back. Just contact mojang and boom. You'll have your account in max 29 days
dude you such ass wipe man scale of 1/10 you are a 10 on the AIDS scale scarce team for the win #TeamScarce
Apparently they used the same beat but if the LyQuin dude didn't buy the beat it isn't his song tbh. Thats music 101
dude I have socks and ugly sandals on too
dude it's the plague
Trying hard to be dude, albeit not THAT ONE: Handy tips for the male academic
dude like i cant its like knows what we go through..
FUCKING SAME DUDE
These Niggas In My 2nd 3rd Period Classes Are The Worsssst Dude ! Like Damn Can I Have My Face Back
this dude infront me so stank
Honey, who the fuck is this guy?! Dude! Smdh. Shame on u,sir
"dude nice tap out shirt."
Me: would you like a belt buckle that says 'swag' in diamonds to go with it? Orion: I just thought Me: it's called class dude, learn it
Happy birthday to the most underrated man. Hope it's a good one my dude @ChrisWebby
Dude holding his kid like he's Simba
" I really don\'t want to hear a dude grunting all the way in the women\'s locker room at LA Fitness. Tone it down weirdo&lt;beast mode
dude it's the worst feeling. Did you have to put him down or was he just old?
This dude's rad, Zack this is just the beginning.
When yall both stubborn so petty arguments are a everyday thing
This dude just tapped me on my back so he could tell me that my hair smells really nice
it's me dude
Always be careful of what you hear about a girl. Rumors either come from a dude that can't get her, or a girl that can't com
Hot Asian Dude Makes His Girl Cum and Cum - Hot Asian Dude Makes His Girl Cum and Cum
yeah prolly dude
I've lost a lot recently. But i'm still here. I'm not dead yet. Just another dude going through life. Thanks for askin tho
I don't want to hear it when you guys make up in a month you're all drunk in love, again! - that dude is a bitch.
Caught my dude in the #walkingdead all we need is the rest of the fellas @osheajacksonjr
Everyone go listen to my dude new song #SoundCloud #NewSong
it gona b e change dude bco s5 special supply result not declared yet
Dude.... bring it by the house sometime and I'll take a look at it. It may be an easy(ish) fix.
Going drop dude off to FB practice n make way to work
wah if really only 4 modules that's damn swee dude
ask about the dude in our summer bio class that interrupted every 5min to say some dumb shit
its a joke dude- i didnt do it haha!
hahah Forsure dude!
cause dude no better
This dude is crazy. Fucking nuts. Money won't always be there but college will.
Be strong lah dude
"I\'m a smooth dude" @annaaaaa_h
Hot Asian Dude Makes His Girl Cum and Cum - Videos de chaudasses en manque Videos de chaudasses en manque Hot Asia...
Dude are you going to be there??
yo dude whats upp
love you too dude! I'm so dead today.I was KO after we got off the phone
Dude why can't October 25 be here already
Dude with a huge cock fucks his BF in many poses -
Dude this module is worse than POA....
Dude, if the PR machine tries A THIRD TIME to make fetch happen with these noms, I will laugh and laugh.
y'all hating on tiller smh everybody I ran across mess w/ dude
Dude, you've just landed and already someone drags you into some drama? :E
I asked this dude to wear his headphones he gave em to me stg ear wax was packed all in there gave em right back
dude Sunin turns my hair white
FUCK DUDE OMFG WHOS THIS
No they are only telling you...LEARN GROW UP DUDE !!!..CHAMCHAGIRI doesn't pay in intellectual world..
Jeff Michels = Stick got to fish on Havasu with him total quality dude!
Wow I ever told yall about the dude that found the condom in his girl pussy
cell phone vid of cop wrestling with a dude (who admittedly had a knife) in my fb tl... naturally this happens
First of all I HAVE HEADPHONES ON, DUDE. There is NO way I'm listening to a word you are saying
The one who's the bitch it's the dude hahahaha
gl my dude
HBD dude thanks for letting me 3rd wheel and share your 3 moths with emri on the thirteenth #tripple3
That dude always does the best Barack impersonations.
lol why I gotta be a tramp frrrrrr dude Ima stop putting ppl before me
dude that sounds pretty good! Lol
Now everybody bumping lucci ? gtfo been fw dude yall late asl
dude**
Ofcoz u will have this on your TL! Who is this dude tho?
Happy birthday Brandizzle have a cool day you super cool dude @bstonge19
if ur a dude and ur posting heart emojis to show how attractive u think someone is, u need help
DUDE WHAT THE FUCK KIM MINGYU'S SHI TODAT SO DAMN BLOODY RUDE
Just got the best wake up call ever. My dude calls me and tells me his job is hiring! Been applying to this place for 3months now! #Happy
dude thats hard.... okay umm
soon we will all link up.
apparently Bryson Tiller stole some dude named LyQuin song that's from here.
Dude, I'm scared of what I'll hear from my doctor, and of talking to my psychologist. I've never even seen her.. And she's religious..
Dude put clothes on
dude i can imagine sultan standing, reading the poster hahahahahah the title yg got him
lmfao omg dude
dude the mv is out
Omg hearing #CantSleepLove on the radio omg fan girling hahaha
dude youre in Redmond? I land at 6
when you run into the dude that owe you money
i can totally relate with you dude.. My dedication for Ayushmann has often fell prey to it being called an obsession!
Not gonna lie I doubt it ive never heard of this dude hes just trying to actually get a fight with floyd
We get it, you've been to a dude ranch.
20 Years Ago: Bartolo Colon's Single-A card
how jealous can someone be? OK so your girlfriend wants him dude ..stop being an ass
bro the other night I called a uber and it said a dude was coming to scoop, tell me why this man was a cross-dresser
Dude said if we gone be together , y'all can't be cool
Even the studio security was like wow this Adam dude is so so so sweet for his fans unlike many others, he's a true good g
Whatever dude idc about u
thanks dude I appreciate it
thats beast dude
#Collectible #Buzz vintage 90s LENNY DYKSTRA The Dude Philadelphia #Phillies #BaseBall shirt XL RARE #eBay #Auction
dude in a year they are all going to have grow a foot and there will be 4 cousins!!
I'd like to know who this fkn Clarence dude is or was.
Ask me a question |
happy birthday dude hope it's great
watching LIVE on #Periscope: What Scenario Would You Choose... #NFL Dude#Get Jacked Up
some one night stand dude from like 5yrs ago friends me on FB says "glad to see yr productive!" what kind of capitalist bullshit is this
I'll just say it: The portmanteau of Trudeau and Harper is one seriously handsome dude #elxn42
Dude Its Lavi.
Got word my old work, paying hoes phone bills now to get some ass. Dude, done really hit rock bottom.
I wonder if knows there is some Australian dude on Fb claiming to be apart of her team... Son, chill.
they literally do need 1 over hour half interview #haveaword loool how u dude? X
Dude it's 7am. If you want your students to stay awake you shouldn't turn the lights off at the beginning of class
The first headline came in at 1:39 in the afternoon, and it did not stop. What a day in the sports world.
bed feeling so good dude
happy bday my dude!
Dude I swear I can be such a great girl of you treat me right
dude sis, i was gonna send it down 2 nani but dad was already putting down her addy. im so irritated tho. smh
My dude got me inspired after hearing em on #solute
is one of my favorite people to be around and you always feel positive just being around the dude
Sweet nightmares dude
Vinnyguadagnino. Guess what dude I got baking soda yooo wassup bro
It's national no bra day it's real so don't be mad at me its for breast cancer awareness I'm just spreading the word
Thursday is gonna be lit the dude is speeding up my internet and instilling the modem and router in my room
Watching LIVE on #Periscope: What Scenario Would You Choose... #NFL Dude#Get Jacked Up
dude, my favorite part working at a grocery store is when people leave those in the parking lot and i get to drive them around
This dude gets me so mad
dude so many congrats.
dude I'm at work with my hair wet, no sweater. I usually freezing at this time.
We gotta link this weekend and chop it up my dude
dude do it! I would love to see the ghost boy in your updated style! :)
#ILoveYouAboutAsMuchAs the rug that really ties the room together.
. - TY for the #inclusion in the Diversity Rockstar Daily, Eric - always glad to contribute!
aha fuck yeah dude
When the straight dude offends everyone in class
Dude, if ever allows me to get to my training our 1st game in 2016 is in Ireland.#justFYI
You go to a game this year, you are likely parking on some dude's dead lawn or clear down by Staples Center and taking a bus.
that Marcus Stroman dude on the blue jays is a problemmm
This dude came up to me and asked if he could call me
Genius! LOL! :)
or that other dude who sounds like he is from Cullybackey who wants to go back to the Victorian Times. I do like George tho.
New album out now freestyles mixed by thanks dude
*dude
dude. 5 miles? Are you nuts?
this dude at my job was like females really love Travis Scott and I really do I can't put my finger on it but I love da
dude link maze runner
V\xa1deo: priestmahad: weloveshortvideos: haunted Person on screen: Hey dude Ive heard rumours that these...
This dude fucked with a man with nothing to lose
I try dude
yeah white guys from Tennessee. i had a white dude neighbor from Tennessee and he was literally heavenly. but white
Much appreciated my dude
Photoset: alwaysbewoke: straight up and down i fear for comedy in general when this dude retires from the...
Booty = Happiness
this dude w really long hair undid his man bun he looks like Jesus
I don't know what it is with this class but dude it stannkkyy
Dude, she wanted to play 21 questions last night
The Diversity Rockstar Daily is out! Stories via @TMODOM
Dude is such a massive asshole, but I should consider voting for him because he's not stephen Harper? No thanks.
Dude isnt serious, he's just trying to start a #HotTakeTuesday trend on Twitter. Same deal with the #MillenialPledge
DUDE BOWSERS A DICK
It's like 8 in the morning
Good morning Lady Liberty! PS* Many thanks to the dude who helped me take this photo. :) @ Statue of
I use to trip my girl and say oops
My dude hit 10k it's lit
OH DUDE BBNG COVERED THIS SONG
english dude, englishhh
. - YES! Picked up "The Martian" inspired space suit costume for our little dude\'s #Halloween parade! Love Carters! #momlife #kids
dude I was like dying haha
Joe is one fresh dude!
dude that's crazy well I'm glad ur alive and okay !
this dude next to me in class smells like straight cat piss I'm going to commit
dude, he's alive. in a hospital. stable
This dude Kyle Lowry is crushing pre-season that's an understatement! Put up 40p (13-18 FG's 6-9 3 FG's 8-8 FT's) in
LIVE on #Periscope: What Scenario Would You Choose... #NFL Dude #Get Jacked Up
happy birthday dude, enjoy your day!
this is star copiers dude :(
Happy birthday Talia ily dude enjoy today @taliaxjimenez
dude it's a waste now. Never get nothing good anymore.
Hugh and the bunnies, Playboy 1950
that dude is like "idgaf."
My daddy watch Jerry Springer everyday lol dude weird
My bm told she messing with a dude I know and she said "please don\'t be mad". I laughed so hard yo
YOURE THE BEST DUDE LOVE YOU EX HUSBAND
dude fox
Sige na dude we can at least be friends :(
All the stuff the state of South Carolina going thru and dude retire bc he 2-4 and hasn't had a losing season since his f
What happened thethe dude that they, ya know, pay to do that?
Dude on campus is wearing these tight ass joggers lame ass flights and these fat ass sunglasses but theres no today
probably like "lolz dude. hAlp."
My body is on fireeeee dude
Concentrate your forces.
hellu birthday dude!!!!! red velvet's seulgi the cute bear here u w u
hey dude, what the dick? @halsey
Army major with 17million track that dude...
dude I once read some guy fucked like 80 women in a year so erm...
holyfuk that black dude side char sa Harry Potter is Wes in How to get away with murder
This dude never graduating
"Whatever dude you bump to that shit" wait what does bump mean? LOL WTF
Dude hs bn walking to n fro for some minutes now so this man asked him y n he said he ate dog meat nt long ago so its working him. I laf die
dude I'm not even mean anymore
You sound like an old dude at the top of some huge mountain with a bald head and a huge beard
dude!!! They think they are smart, matsaga aya
Wrong move, dude.. Wrong move
Bruh this dude better hope I never find him in real life
Dude ur Useless??? D::: (Nulgath sad be like)
Charlie Chaplin in 1916 at the age of 27
currently itching to give you the jokes bc who told you? dude it would be
That's mean!! all I was doing was joking and now you are mad~....dude calm yourself
Seeing this homeless dude walk around in socks in this rain really kills me, i wish i had bigger feet i would have gave him my shoes
Pumped to see my dude jake this weekend
then when dude put his head down his chain came off THEY WAS THIRSTY TO PICK IT UP
DUDE DITCH JERRY
This dude's blowing bubbles in the train station, so cuteeee
When I'm in need of a good #hottake chuckle, I turn to Jeff with a G, Captain S, the BYU Jazz dude himself.
lol overheard the guy who posted that say "dude no joke i really need a big cock"
Hey just a little free advice ain't Bush dude! He's an Hawaiian who's got Chicago creds don't play @60Minutes
Yo dude, im so fucked up i bought a paysafecard 10 dollars but if i want to upgrade it cost me 13 dollars D::
so cool to be at nova with Reece mastin got a lot of respect for this dude
This dude hasn't stopped talking since I got here. Shut. The. Fuck. Up.
Dude I totally forgot that I have my own drawing tattooed on me. Weird.
Weird dude, that Rube.
What a tool. Time for some introspection dude. Local road rage incident @WTOP
Hot Asian Dude Makes His Girl Cum and\xffCum
and you saying they're the best thing to ever happen to us isn't? It's ugly as fuck dude. Straight up FUGLY.
Dude wtf You're dating someone different every week
This dude got some explaining to do.
I can't stand a dude who acts like a Bitch
Evolution of the Batman Logo.
Same like them, dude. You hate them like they hate you.
Cowboys Twitters following me? Wtf dude
Rest Up Shelby!!! Always had a good time when u was wit dis dude. He always would tell u some
I'm the unluckiest dude in the world
I can't stand a childish dude
I want someone who can humble me down at anytime dude or tell me when I'm doing wrong because for some reason people ar
Dude came outta Skyline? The hood know him?
I feel so grimy tech chasing a fox to death. GGs dutch dude
sorry Dude didn't notice but prices in general not stupid a really nice RC45 \x9c24500 I've seen them at over 30k
If my dude and I stop talking no one will really know but my bestfriend and sister.
dude i appreciate you guys making the moving vlog instead of a challenge video. I can't wait for the dope fresh volgs in NY
by far the lamest most annoying dude ever I stg
Dude got mad vocals, but why they hold him hostage from the bathroom.
dude i just can't sleep
where you going dude?
Sidenote: (in case y'all forgot) I just love @jimmyfallon. Like what a dude.
Turkey: Gobble gobble gobble. Chicken: Dude, we just met. Turkey: What if I dip it in cranberry sauce first?
Want a chance 2 win a free drone? Enter our giveaway! #drone #uav #giveaway - Please ! -
Dude complaining to the professor that the exam was too hard but he spends the entire class watching skateboarding videos.
She really ain't got nothing to offer no dude yo lol
I jus saw ur pic of the gtr and it made me think of the dude at my school with the all gold everything gtr and made me mad
Sccccchwack! Proud to call this dude my friend. His wakeboarding makes the sport look awesome,...
This dude bruh smh
sure if your into the whole teenage look. Dude, she looks like a fucking minor. Smh
dUDE so did I omg I screamed
we don\'t go that far maybe " my boy " or " my dude" lol
omg yesss dude
keithlyman Sccccchwack! Proud to call this dude my friend. His wakeboarding makes the sport look
I want that Johnny Depp money. This dude is killing the game
his mom said "why is there noise?" LOL IT WAS SEUNGKWAN this dude is really loud okay
A Selfie from 1900
I love you dude just keep swimming
This dude forgot about all his NBA aspirations
AWWW dude!!!!
This dude just walked into the office and hasn't stopped coughing since he got here... What hand should I use to throat chop him?
Not if he had to get a close up of dude's flip phone
yho! What did this dude do? Even at work, they speaking about him
dude his followers and who's hes following are basically the same amount. No wonder
hella down dude
\xf7.*\xf9**\xef\xf9) \xf7.\xef\xf7.*\xef\xf9) \xf7.*\xf9) (\xf7.\xef (\xf7.` \xcf HOT DUDE OF THE DAY Stephen James #HotDudesWithPups Photo Credit -...
Dude we're going to have to buy you a cake to celebrate on cam when you're finally rid of this fucking guy.
Can't wait for this dude to play for Barca. Sorely needed right now with all the injuries!
Lol this dude created a fresh new twitter to troll you. Hilarious.
Friend: Dude, She just called you fat! Me: Oh hell no! Hold my cake
dude I know I gotta be in a bed by Monday my case worker is not happy rn
This dude won't stop staring at me in study hall
I'm so weak u jumped over dude from Fleming
THANK YOU for the mention :D
"brother" "bestfriend" is j the dude who accepted he ain\'t never gettin out the friend zone
thanks dude! Courtesy of thedogist on Insta
Hot Asian Dude Makes His Girl Cum and Cum #pornhu
Putin would kick his ass in a fight, dude beats people up for exercise.
My dude EP on the 20th. Nothing will ever be he same. #Satlobapala
Karma does exist, dude :))
. in all honesty I didn't even know this dude was running till yesterday!!! #DemDebate
Dude literally typed "how to get away with murder" after murdering his coworker... What an idiot.
Well of course wtf is wrong with this dude????
She wants revenge.
Fuck it, dude
Naija... Everybody wanna survive easily
dude i'm gonna frickin hold your hand so hard it's gonna blow your mind with how hecka rad my affection is
Foodtrip dude.
I lowkey..ok highkey was waiting for cuunto to pop up sgksjsj I was like cool nice..dude wat the fuck where da pizza
dude the episode where eggman hires a motivational speaker and then fires him and starts watching telenovelas
Real Talk dude; changes could be made but "mentally" most kids become a product of their environment w/out as
dude. shut uuuuup.
That moment when you wished you had swipe
dude your realize we played like 12-14 hours ago an your still up, you need sleep man
Waka is a smart ass dude he be talking that real.
who made the beat for #ashes2ashes that dude deserves props
gdi eyecandy and crush is different okAy omg dude
Don't be mad for posting here before you dude! @DaRealSD
dude I would gladly do that with you but my kidney problems is getting in the way.
dude yesssss. it was great seeing yall out over here. can't wait to see yall again soon! take care bro!
this dude out here looking like rowley from diary of a wimpy kid
I am defending that dude
LOL no thanks, dude.
hey dude, did I dress up like #slash at a party where you were DJing at a year ago?? If so, hey dude! Take care man!
you're too myopic dude. Flesh everywhere and you're saying zionist israel offers peace? This is massacre.
my dude's hair lookin like a gay mushroom
Also for #AdaLovelaceDay via "Don\'t be that dude: Handy Tips for the Male Academic
[ a follow, dude? ]
AI will forever be my favorite player Kobe just the only dude in the league that kind of remind me of AI attitude wise
Dude. A BAJA BLAST WATER GUN?!? YES!
on further reflection, i think dude might be confusing "rap and hip-hop" with "the Joe Dolce Music Theatre"
you're pathetic attempt to make any sort of name for yourself is an utter failure, dude. sad.
I'M AN OTAKU. PROBLEM? DATS LIFE DUDE HAHAH.
THE OLD DUDE AT THE END
Can't even see this dude on my TL without cracking up
dude I totally sent you a present #DamnFedEx
1st Pose of the day !!! FAV for more hot Yoga Poses
watch the one you love fall out of love with you and see if it doesn't change you.
I thought I was the only one dude. The type of women he likes is just....ugh.
Just saw a dude riding a street bike IN the plant think im just gonna drive in tom #FuckAParkinLot
Lmfao dis man @ ol dude and told em he wanted his fade SHEESH yall Wildin
you know I'm just fucking with you dude, 90% of my tweets are shitposting
Real Talk dude; changes could be made but "mentally" most kids become a product of their environment w/out asking 4 it smh
@CecilyorElse, @Jee_Leong_Koh, and some dude named Rich at the Parkside Lounge on Sunday! Don't miss it!
. Please stop mansplaining. We get it, you're a lunatic. And a dude.
As long as the cta doesn't gaf abt my education I don't either
Dude proposed during a john Cena match... You couldn't have waited for Rollins?
I made it halfway through to some dude ranting about n*ggers. Only Tarantino flick I couldn't finish.
Met this past weekend in ATL. Cool dude! Go check out the
was super shy dude. From school etc ;/. But now im fine with her. Not shy :)
dude! Let me trade you something for a bottle. I have a pretty decent cellar and have access to some great California stuff too
I fear for the future safety of whatever dude dates a couple I've been with.
every dude NEED that one female he can all FOR ANY REASON or any thing
alright dude. thanks Take care too
fuck thaaaaaaaaat. I'd be down dude but that map....
Fuck dude I just wanna sleep in
Min instagram la av? Wtf is going on dude
Some band dude gets accused of sexual misconduct and every pop punk kid becomes an expert in British Case Law. Details at 11.
hell yea dude no doubt you look far more aesthetic
May I lick your shoes and heels clean ? No.. You may not. :P hahaha like dude, why would u even do that?
This lifeskills dude jus busted my lip....
Dude was pissing me off...then he remedy one of us will drive when we close
dude off of where
and i miss you dude:c say me something,something very short . how are you doing?
Happy birthday too my dude @ChrisWebby, I still rap breaking news intro every time it plays word for word, love from Canada
Dude, that ain't syrup. Clearly we are only united by the quest to being McDonald's All Day Breakfast to Canada. #becauseJustice
Russian dude at my job has a cute accent.
Dude is king of throwing shades
dude I miss you so fucking much
Is this really happening? Lol fuck me dude
Dude, you sound like a Trump supporter. We're not sensitive, we just understand basketball.
no dude. If you didn't put that vid up of Jeana doing the cinnamon challenge then where would we be without you!
Don\'t be that "where my hug at" dude, no chick actually respects that guy #wordtothewise
:-( If you NEVER had a decent dude..... Hoe... It might be you.
my gorgeous little dude
He was like really fucker why you playing with my ass dude . . Dude you just woke my ass up I didn't know at that very moment.
Read This Book #6180 The Dude Magazine1/58 Brigitte Bardot Gwen Verdon Gus Thorner
Some chicks really NEED one of these when Dey dude not around sad
this dude has definitely watched one too many k-drama #RookieActorJungHoseok
Seriously, that's a dude, right?
sall good dude. Hope you're feeling alright
dude have you listened to the instrumental of bewitched by botdf? It's actually really good omfg
Aww dude, how did it go?
This dude in front of me always has his laptop out like he's taking notes but all he ever does is look at trucks
YO THIS SHIT SLAPS HELL YEAH DUDE
The man behind me is snoring like the world's largest semi. This is a five hour flight. Lol k, dude.
Rashid Alvi: Forming #UCC is difficult.. SDixit: this topic demands discussn.. Sambit: UCC must be there #UniformCivilCode
At least we might have a less of a response from this dude....
lmao man say....you better of talked to old dude about his unseen future for him to pay you to talk to him @AveriMarie_
Happy birthday ! Love you dude! Have a great day
- dude you're a bro and you're one of my close friends. Jamming out to country at parties is our thing dude. NITC IS GONNA BE LIT.
Idk dude do I want to go to my 8am or study for my test
This is an incredibly controlling group of detractors. Don't use this soap, don't talk to this dude. Wtf.
thank you dude it means a lot and cmon
DUDE IN THE PASSENGER SEAT. SIR LEMME TALK TO YOU REAL QUICK
Why didn't Ray back u up w/the dude that looked like Jared Allen that put a scar on Chris?
dude my name is ASNITA not HASNITA
What don\'t guys get about, "I have a boyfriend"? Like you\'d be pissed if some dude was talking to your girl so stop talking to me..
I prefer playing xbox than crying over a low pro dude whose hobby is to cheat
dude she was the first one wyd
friend: did you just wake up or something? me: well yeah friend: dude you look dead oooohhh
My favorite thing about #NoBraDay is all the dudes making the "heh heh heh. I won\'t wear a bra....I\'m a dude" joke. So creative and witty.
This dude Gio
My mans Joaquin is coming back from Chile can't wait to make moves with you dude ! Soul siblings @Joaquin_rp_
If a nigga babymother fucked up but the child well taking care of that's not the dude problem..if that's the case he should have custody
hey dude any jobs going in the UK? I'm a designer.
my dude, thank you brotha
Never fails, every time a dude sits next to me on the bus and he starts moving around, I say "are you getting off" and then they die inside
I know that but it's just the fact that I hate this class dude
so im sending pictures to my dad of us cus he didnt see us since we was 10 soo all this dude says is where yall fuckin clothes um WE GROWN
Horn Made Japanese Harlow Airi Nakajima Gives Steamy Blowjob To Horny Dude -... #Japanese
The fact that a dude can really choke the shit out of you while sucking him up scares me.
awesome pic dude I really enjoyed it
#pregnantorlabouramovie Dude where's my placenta?
that was a crazy Game last night dude
be proud dude.
I have never seen this. Nice find dude! Apparently having a Canadian face and calling ppl baby rhino is untrustworthy LOL
dude, you're house is next to mine. Is that beoung trobek?
'You're in a gay relationship? Oh haha so which one of you is the dude?'
dude rs idk what's going on
Dude same.
u r so fuckin stupid dude.
hahahaha!!!! Go home dude you are drunk!!! Lol
dude we just friends i am not fucking with him like that nomore
Dude! It did that to someone yesterday. That thing have probs
I swear I told dude Ima do my myplayer face scan with his shit
Real good hearing from my bro Tanner Henry ! Love that dude!
how do find something already found my dude?
Finally found out where Tauk is getting all this money to pay to get on tours and shit... Dude's dad is the exec of MSG. Ridiculous.
Another episode of the award winning jamm #iwasinmyhouseandtrailercametojamme
Think about how crappy of a person you are instead of talking about someone else. Thanks dude.
Dude, NOT cool. If that makes me a #dinosaur like you, even better! It Rock on, Dip!
That's what had me pissed the most....they rock the dude and our pitchers are puttin bows on the baseballs
dude we have got to hang out soon!
dude, u dey eie?
hope dude tell me don't worry about coming into work tomorrow either
Dude sitting next to me been looking at nude photo feeds since he sat down. I've nothing against nudity, just seems an odd place to indulge.
Dude had camo on in court lol
He's a cool dude, lol! #cooldude #cooltoddler #boymom #sahm #sahmlife #gillette #flatcap
This dude really just ended class 5 min into class after I hiked in a hurricane smh #whydidntyoujustcancelclass #teamconfused
dude it lasts forever and now since I've been doing it for years I don't have that much let hair when it grows back. #heaven
LIKE ME #jkimnotcute they r dude
they just feel bad for him dude. Nothing wrong about that. If you'd actually know him you would apprecia
Like dude gon wit that camera I cant be associated wit these hoes on film u trippin
Don't mess with a dude with a gf bc you gon end up pregnant
i dont blame you ma dude, you run a yt channel to promote music! I know ya reckognise good stuff from bad no matter what genre!
Lai Mohammmed I'm not impressed, dude should have remained as spokesperson of APC....Nothing more than a politician
thank youand you better come dude!
Thanks squadd you flexing in my Avi makes us all look really cool dude
thanks for being a cool dude on Saturday and meeting all your fans
ur weird dude
lol dude I love Tuesdays
Real talk stop sleeping on this dude. The whole EP is dope as fuck. Post Malone is the truth. What's
Homecoming and prom was the worst time of the year dude
One dude I work with is it of hand he thinks berthing has to be 100% perfect, when you pay me more then I'll make it perfect
ik. I'm fucking pissed dude. And I was supposed to sell them today too
you're a hack dude !!! Going right for the low blow just like a comic who talks about airplane food. No talent at all.
I've never actually seen a person who was extremely terrified to talk to ppl till now. Holy smokes ! Dude asked a million questions at once
Dude how it was a dream!??
he hand the dude a 5, dap him up, and tell him to keep the change.
hey dude are you attending vmworld this year ? Didn t saw ya !
Congrats on the 1K Dude!
Nas was insane man that dude flow been lights out for a quarter century
I am...the Walking Dude.
Akron done changed Owein dude tryna do Nerf wars and shit
"Omg that dude sounds just like me! What\'s his YT?"
Nobody believe in your dreams till you make it
Let us measure and compare then the dude with the smaller cock, gets his ass fucked bareback via @MaleGalore
dude I love my#Xbox1, but come on swattin.#Poorkid
this dude in my class told me my Mac was an abomination....yet he's using a PC
dude if you were there in glasgow today than be happy and fucking appreciate that you got to hear and see them singing without mics
cuz a girl like me just doesn't have time for a dude like u
it's also cool to see toby's musical evolution u got this dude
Its crazy dude!
1000% dude
That dude in the corner scared me earlier this morning
Lol dude
there was a dodgy dude involved with the events there, was like a parasite lol
all the best dude!!!
Craig says I'm an awesome dude
Dambazau is answering intelligently. Dude knows his game very well. #MinisterialScreening
mmm idk bout that. Ull always be lil dude to me anyways. Goodluck these next couple weeks
lmao some dude got arrested for it
I know where all the hoes and jodeci music gonna be at tonight! Happy Birthday to the funniest dude I've ever met! Have a
did a great show last night.Super glad I went. Only if I was closer I would have gotten on stage and sung with himmy dude
I can't be one of those girls that post pics w they dude. Tried that already learned ain't no body really for you but you
If you don't like me it's over a dude. Plain and simple.
Grand Duchess Anastasia takes a mirror selfie in 1913.
dude - I've explained it 3 times... CAP... SPACE... what part are you not getting?
Y'all got all this from this dude sitting in a chair??? Lmfao y'all piss me off
Dude was salty
Nah dude! We don't want to visualise it!
ure so hot dude
Ba \'re "Your mad coz ur Ex is doing jaw exercises on my balls dude"
dude u unff me???
u what dude bray pisses Roman
This dude has gone M.I.A.
. It's obviously she's broken up with that dude.
Wadup wadup people it your Dude Fly Your Dreams Mmbm
I argued 2 days ago w some conservative white dude called Harper a racist he\'s presenting me with "facts" on how he\'s not
Like dude get the life u deserve and be sober from now on. photo credit to tapsingan
let's make an all white dude conference and then lock them in somewhere (they won't notice, probs too busy just arguing)
Can't be friends wit a girl who's pressed for a dude
hahahaha idk why most people on fb leave stupid comments on posts like wtf r u fucking serious dude
lol u late dude
get sum kirky worms from my wife dude
Gonna run up to every dude without leg tattoos and shout DAN. HI DAN.
Lol dude...what's up with cute chicks sleeping on the floor?
haha I would like to meet Monde Sitole Such a well-spoken dude #AfternoonExpress
This dude walked up to the boa asked if he had 5 dollars. not 1, not 2, 5
he should skip school for the playoffs dude
this dude on the bus needs to shove his unibrow up his ass and shut up
This dude is #amazing #TaiLopez #FoodForThoughts #RemindsMeOfMe #MovingForward
I can't even find a date and this dude has two
btw, cant wait for you to see this place dude. and whats around me. holy shit. SO MUCH.
Shopping mall dude !
"Still Vergin sent you a friend request." Dude what hahahhaha
DUDE YR REPLY WAS FAST
lol no dude. She talking about me. I took her this morning
Love me my dude bond solid foundation
besides that, dude obliterated meek mill, released jordans, and is "special friends" with serena. Gotta give props where due.
I love breakfast
PLAYBOY dropping nudies? That's it. Not asking Santa for another subscription! Dude always got me last year's issues anyway.
"dude..... I killed someone in my dream last night..... I just remembered waking up feeling so guilty"
just the image, dude :)
My foreman is that dude! Bruh just confirmed my hours lol. Got a free check coming this week!
dude I saw that on my time hop too! Ilysm
That dude is always bizarre.
Dude nice guitar, did your mum buy it for you? harharharharharharhar luh-mao
Elizabeth Taylor and James Dean, 1955
I feel so connected to @Dee1music, dude is so real. Y'all support trill authenticity.
true story dude. Lol. I know'd it. Its written.
Dude...no more fastballs inside or middle of plate. Kill em w soft stuff low outside again...Pound the breaking balls
dude Kenya loves you so much they have a radio station named after you
but DUDE that's amazing stuff!!
An Illinois man has been the registered owner of the trademark to "It\'s Gonna Happen" since January 2008
do you think Twitter clowns are causing skew to go up. Lol. You have no clue dude.
dude I am to. I've gone so many days without getting shot down
I know I know, but it's me! If anything dude I will drive down and get you!
Dude passed up the whole exit
Mom gets lectured at dog park about feeding me organic, grain-free, all- natural $75-a-bag food. (Um, I eat cat crap, dude.)
Dude I really hope I don't gotta get that shit again in December .
Delightful Dude of the Day, thank you kind sir.
Chardan's Gbola Amusa is a solid analyst. Haven't been tracking his calls, but his reports are excellent. Dude does his home
it was stuck but I needed it to be higher so I wailed on it and it came up and whacked me in the chin. whatever dude
Like the hell. The dude is just fooling around
You did engage, made an accusation you couldn't back up and then pissed off...own it dude...
you need to take a day off and enjoy and do something you love itna zyada stress acha nahi hay dude
not mine dude I have fricke. He's not passive at all
Sthu dude
dude I was so messed up but yaaaasss
Like you know it's bad when soon as dude walk in he want corporates number. Lol
I just love the doublethink. We make *emoji masks* that solve PROBLEMS, dude!
#RIP my sincerest condolences to you and your family my dude.
damn dude that's sad af this guy literally had basically nothing, offered what little he had and did this?
what dude?
oh hey, forgot that was coming out today, thanks dude!
isn't this the rice and cabbage dude
Kate Williams is a funny ass dude, but he recycles a lot of his jokes
hahahahha I'm not even arab. Durh dude we ain't deaf
dude. If the game releases this month.. Oh man.
you have an argument I admit but come on a naked woman is more appealing than a naked dude.
had a dream that a cute dude liked me, lol (literally, only in my dreams)
This dude is literally drowning in pussy.
I'm that dude that Bryson Tiller was talking about in Don't...
thanks dude always! GBO
Dude seriously?? Like pick one stick to it!!
THIS FUCKING DUDE IM TELLIN YOU MY HEA CANT TAKE THIS WHY WOULD YOU DO THIS LIAM
dude i'm down, i'll go twice
wait you really thought I was serious dude..?
Nick You're voice is incredibleyou know that...when you sing I really feel it dude!! #Destine
hey dude have a nice day, laugh a lot and hug calum at least twice lmao
minus picking me up dude :)
Dude passed out on the bus #rt
dude i'd fail the heck out of french
That announcement was a joke dude.
This dude playing lil Jon and the east side boys off his phone
They Say Behind Every Nice Dude, Is A Monster!
Dude. Thought we had a connection. :(
Power to this Refiloe dude, man. Pure inspiration! My goodness!
DUDE NICE
I wish I could dude
Well, I cant challenge your feelings, but I think I interact with quite a few people. I can relate dude.
dude continues to say outlandish things about us but gets a past because hea made n hired black actors when r we goingbto wake up
dude stfu fr?
Suck it in! Fine black dude with #Gaydaddy exploring #CigaretteFetish
I love you my dude, rest easy sweet soul. CLICKA WONT EVER DIE, never.
DUDE HOW DO YOU THINK I FEEL
sounds like a hack (Brian Pagliano) is good at setting up hackable systems. Dude had NFI what he was doing. Amatuer
Im dressed super Hippy some dude just stared @ me in terror
Thanks, dude. Less than two months!
geese are terrifying dude
White dude invents a black revenge fantasy and has the nerve to be offended when blacks are critical of it.
Be awesome dude.
Happy birthday dude have a good one @nblum99
Dude my English teacher stays slumped she's always trying to sleep
Idc about looking nice to school, as long as I show up dude I'm good.
I miss 2v4ing at dallas with this dude. By far one of my favorite / best teammates
Dude ur like 15 stahp you gotta be 18+ to be with a bad bitch like me
Whenever i see u . . . . . . . . . . I can't stop laughing
ha ha, dude doesn't know when to give up
F the white mofo man God bless that homeless dude
Brad, St. Paddys isnt til March dude
Great dude, you can find him on Twitter #DTBLWarrior
happy birthday dude, I hope you have a coooool day!
Judas that dude who tweets 'prosper' everytime someone shoots their shot.
Oh dude, that's only the fucking start
I met a boy, a great, gorgeous dude, a funny, cool-ass guy.
I'm gonna party it up! Hah thanks dude
Dammnn I was look forward to playing my dude!!! Prayers go out to my guy
Yo dude been on this bs lecture shit for a hour talkin bout we done for the semester
lol dude starts with "Kim Jong-Il"
OMG same dude every fucking morning
"We all fiends, gotta do it, even righteous guys go thru it" \'All American thirst for fame\' got me in
Another Kris Bryant admirer @kait_keehner. #Cubs
Fuck anyone who doesn't like Matt, he's the sweetest dude ever
Dude, Jerry's right in that Gieselle is a model by profession man...so who cares if if greg hardy pays attention to her beauty.
You sit in your room and vape to some whack music your life is complete my dude congratulations!
I really wanted to see Chelsea Clinton kill a dude.
try here dude?
dude just kill yourself, prove this tweet wrong FTS. "Dog lives longer then owner"
If that dude can run for president, might as well file my candidacy.
Can we please make casual yodeling a thing? Yodelayheehoo, dude
Dumb doctors said they can't do anything about my ganglion but like dude. I somewhat need my hand you know.
Dude in the Navy Federal Credit Union commercial
- perhaps target this dude w/some female reproductive health info-
happy bday to the beautiful we don't have any cute pics :/ hope 18 treats u good dude
Hump Got Better, But Dude Would Take 3 Years And A NBA Lockout To Get Ready.
what's that even mean dude
that happened this weekend dude was aight. And I know it happens to me allot. Ppl always think I'm super mean.
dude I'm cross eyed in that picture.
I know where all the hoes and jodeci music gonna be at tonight! Happy Birthday to the funniest dude I've ever met! Have a good one homie
Dude it's only $17 to see perform tonight!!!
dude ur so ugly
trust issues dude
yeah you do think ofnothers dude
Dude that sat next to me on the plane played a children's game the whole time I feel like he is successful at life bc of that
Happy Birthday to my dude. Miss the good old days of tearing it up on the pitch. Hope it's a great one
that was a funny reference though! and not a bad thing! but DUDE!, loved the hair better!
ofc dude ur my son :}
does this dude look like me? I've been told he does...
you would die at my Philosophy professor.. Weirdest dude haha he's hilarious
Some dude on a mo-ped just passed me. He reminded me of the creepy mo-ped guy from Mt. Orab. Ah, fond hometown memories.
you said you need sum weed dude
I grab dat den you me
dude I am so behind on Bones!! Booth just killed Pelant
Pada pendapat anda,.... *wrote my opinion* *got the wrong answer* Dude you just asked me about my opinion and now it's wro
Choose me or lose me? I'm not a back up plan and DEFINITELY not a second choice. Fuck off, dude. #PSYHiwalay #PushAwardsKathNiels
thank you dude I appreciate it
The dude is so sick and he was born in California and may be 30 or in his late 20s.
MY MOM CALLS ME DUDE. MY MOM >; URS
Dude has some ties there. Kirby would make more sense to us, but there's no logic in CFB.
dude your grades are great!
This dude is funny!!!!
Dude some serious ghost shit is going down at my work right now
It\'s not that I now retroactively hate the dude, is just that I now "could care less" what he currently does.
dude im freaking failing my exams
thank you luh dude
dude, you are NEVER EVER going to convince me that ANYTHING the US does to stop this bunch of child goat rapists is wrong
I'm not stupid dude.
ugh dude it's still like 90 every day
no problem dude :) another really interesting theory
yes dude it was that one night at that party and I couldn't find my phone and then I left and you stayed
dude the same thing happened to me last weekend. Double yellows are the WORST
NO YOU RAN INTO A TREE AND KILLED THE DUDE
Yesss dude
dude what?! Xbox or ps4?
Just a regular dude.
eats all my damn food but is always the life of the party while doing it. i love this dude
dude I wish my bestfriend wasn't at school rn
I cannot deal with my chem professor, such a crazy little dude
I actually haven't played for weeks dude but I'll be getting back to it real soon
Dude! You are the best inspiration for yourself, others come next!
right dude need to find someone to do this with
hey dude. watch me impress this chick
Yeah dat good Girl I ain't gone lie But if u was looking for dude Girl I ain't yo guy
My philosophy professor's car was stolen out of his driveway this morning, poor dude. Why do people suck.
PLAYBOY dropping nudies? That's it. I'm not asking Santa for another subscription! Dude always got me last year's issues anyway.
no female expects a dude to do that idk where tf that picture came from
Dude that's not cool
If you're such a Nazi fan, dude, you should know the SS tried to revive a bastardized form of Germanic Paganism. @tor_sjoberg
#Dogging,#OutdoorSex,#Sluts,#GangBang,#Stockings,#Uk_Sex: Big Assed Blond Dumpster Rides And Sucks Giant...
Be on the look out for MEECH 20/20 THE E.P. THAT SHIT GOIN BE LIT. GO FOLLOW MY DUDE
Cause that dude can be telling you one thing and telling her some totally different
"See that dude with the weird pants?" "Yeah, he\'s a coach." "I couldn\'t golf with those pants giving me advice.
Why do you hate Houston so? Of course I bought tickets for Austin, but come on, dude!
i know you want a girl so im here dude IM HERE
Happy birthday to my boy keep grinding my dude!
wasssup with my Cuzzo being so damn mia!!!!!?! Dude fell off the face of the earth lol
This dude at the bmv completely geared up with his penn shit like chill with that shit fam
Dude, everything and are saying about discussing design is so right on. Can't wait to dig into the
even the dude at the cafeteria is more educated than them
DUDE that's so sick! Congrats!!!! Here's hoping for GDQ status!
i feel bad for laughing omg sorry dude
Didnt that lyquin dude get a song stolen by rico love too?
thaty makes two of us dude T_T and i do own the GCN version, and boy i sure suffered finding it
dude stomach pains are the worst it happened to me in class it was like a sharp pain I was like wtf but it passed thank God
is the best thing about Scotland's music scene, truly inspiring dude
If I hear one more "Dude! You\'re getting an $EMC_PRODUCT" joke at work today I\'m going home
ok i have my headphones dude, stop talking to me
"Like stop eating the paste special?" everyone thinks shes special but when its a dude she likes she not ok with hearing it
Eldon feels insecure about his tiny wings. Hey Eldon, you're rocking the teeth and the horn though, dude!
dude no clue what u just said confused
Imagine my surprise when my brother suddenly said, "Birthday ni Jimin ngayon" hahahahaha Dude, how do you know Jimin?
dude. No freaking way was it making the LOS. It was going straight into the ground
Thanks dude, likewise!
He is already doing that. Dude knows political mathematics. He will dribble them especially those who laid 'landmines' for him
dude it's like 51 right now its all gloomy cause it rained last night. so yeah. cold
some dude I just met saw my camera and started to try and chat about it and the Canon he was using.
It's really not that funny to be a dick to your teacher dude
How a young fit girl can't outrun a fat masked dude with a running chainsaw, I will never understand.
I never understood why females go for the other female instead of checking her dude
This dude next to me in lecture brought easy mac to class... Don't know whether to hate or respect his hustle
sitting next to the last dude i hooked up with as he texts another girl
dude these cramps are killing me
Dude no lie I just farted and it smelled like bbq sauce.
dude I know you love drama, but shut the fuck up. I know what I meant, you don't.
I can't handle this #IWasInMyHouseAndTrailerCameToJamMe
dont worry it'll come hopefully with a good dude!
#27 is a classy dude! Great player. #WhoDat
dude this is a gum commercial
Dude, I've been psyched just to know you. TNG 4evah.
Dude I miss him so much
bra its like 5hrs later and me I\'m still mad AF, but usaseit this aint funny dude "@tapiwa069
dude u should have seen it coming ehya always strict
dude wtf lets get high !!!!
Holy shit dude lol Don't jinx it
Just took an exam next to the worst smelling dude in the galaxy
you don't need it dude, you have natural beauty
Dude I didn't even know this whole week was dress up days
Happy Birthday, Rave Tot. Miss ya, dude. #exploregon
dude cabin....a lil under the weather.... Eish ....I missed that Party.....we must do sumfin.....
this guy is seriously the funniest shit to me. Someone is taking this dude seriously out there
Met this pimp ass black dude on the plane named Ed. Needless to say, we got into some deep conversations about life.
dude you don't understand how much I want to get out of here.
Glad you had an awesome bday, dude! The one time of year one can concentrated on themselves and not feel guilty.
I preciate that my dude! Great memories for sure!
Hot Asian Dude Makes His Girl Cum and Cum / 5:07 ->; - # #
dude that's rad
Background of a street dude, mind of a scholar..
I just about got trampled by the skateboarding guy. Speed limit's 15 mph on campus, dude. Take it easy.
it's tew early!!! If you dating a dude that had toronto public health call ur phone for a screening ..........
dude we all know joe gay
When you finally find that dude that humbles you
HE FACETIMED HIS PLAYSTATION SO HE COULD PLAY IT WHILE TAKING A BATH. THIS DUDE IS THE FUTURE
Dude just wanted his shoes
lol u gay tell tiller fuck em lol nah he not bro. Niggas really don't even know about dude
Saw a dude wearing his HS Letterman jacket this morning. Someone needs to tell him they aren't cool anymore. #JustFroshThings
can o come down to norwich to see you both?
get the crew round for chills at sharons dude xxxxxx
I remember when I was otp with ol dude this hoe gone say "ok. That\'s not my business" jealous asf if you didn\'t care why say something
that's me most of the time, at leas historically. sorry dude
said no dude, ever
And then it hits you , I know this dude for 15 years now #RollingInTheDeep
I AM NEVER STAYING UP WITH YOU GUYS AGAIN WHAT THE FUCK DUDE I WOKE UP SO LATE @LikeATree6
Dude, in one, there are Many things; in two, there is No duality
Happy birthday dude! @C_Mullins4
same sometimes but this dude was blowing RAIN WATER off
Dude was in a relationship with a girl for 4 years, went to jail for 2 days and came home to his girl w/ another dude htt
dude - your playlist is awesome!
#juliamodest most boring and cockblock show. 1 dude, 3 girls he can only fuck 1, the bossy one. LAME!
Lol the dude in the background definitely agrees she killed it
same dude. These are gonna be a long two weeks.
it's will gone down at leaders club #sharaout dude @wizkidayo
my dude just said Alex Wiley not allowed back in Chicago since he moved to LA. LMMFAO get yo grown dumb ass.
dude politely asked if he can work out near me wat
you're so fake dude
gotta have a big dude #winterisapproaching
whats up dude?
woah wow im flabbergasted wow dude
dude lets ditch
hope you enjoyed your birthday dude thanks for having me!
So dude gets shot in the head and the 1st thing he do is take some selfies ...yall new niggas are hell lol
"Do you have c lunch? Dude You should totally come vape with us."
dude i really don't look like him
dude pls u hv no right
54321 *Bell Rings* dude it rung right at when I counted to 1!
This dude next to me is eating some breakfast sandwich and the smell is making me want to puke
"Dude, Kirstie\'s on fire"
Waking up with every single morning makes me feel good about my life decisions. you made my morning dude.
Friend: Send me some good songs. Me [inside]: Yaar dimagh na kharab karo. Me when giving reply: Okay, dude.
S23 dude
it's all good dude :D buts it funny
lmaooo OMG. Dude chill
Google Maps Now With A Collapsable Search Box
well done dude
Dude, of course ! Not much bands come here you know! Especially those underrated ones. Haha
I knowthis dude with litterally a Genius IQ but no College Degree cause he lazy...
do the wipes punch your butt hole? What the hell is a Dude Wipe?
The political garbage that I am hearing from this dude is baffling.
Say hello to our Snicker Dudes. The snicker dude is that friend who just seems to excel in
A: #Scorpion S02E04: I find it neat that main sub dude is pretty awesome navy dude from #TheLastShip... Kudos to you Scorpion,
Just saw a negative review of a book I loved, and I immediately turned into The Dude.
HBD dude, make it a good day dude @prestonhk9
From the dude who pumps em at barber shops LMAO Fake joints that they charge 150 for ROFL
#pizzarat was a good dude. #pigeonrat is just plain scary. Get him out of here.
So some weird dude sent my kid a video of himself lip syncing to a John Legend song in the shower with a hat on.....WTF?!?!?!?
The dude in the middle is our baby. #SBLOLFEST
yup hahah dude this movie is amazing
Dude get a ticket! let's go
Demo was a bad enough dude...
dude no clue what u just said confused af rn
cool as fuck dude
25!? good lord! Is this an army dude? I mean the 20th is 7 days away I mean Christ!
dude. Based on how they played towards the end of last season and considering their prospects. Too easy.
MADDE WROTE ABOUT ME IN HER GERMAN CLASS AND DUDE I ACTUALLY UNDERSTAND WHAT IT SAYS
Greg hardy has 11 sacks in his last 5 games played and Sunday was his first time back since last season week 1 . Dude a sack machine
#trapmusic #radio GRMM - Electrify feat. Father Dude (Senor Roar Remix)
Bag it up! Have you seen our great value range of bags? We have something for everyone! Take a look -->;
good night dude
Dude got Some step dad jeans on
can't stand when people sniffle their nose, go fucking get a tissue dude yo nasty
your avi dude
Dude yeah AC/DC and the Rolling Stones are like my favorite punk bands. #punkday ?
check mixtape on this dude got major talent we on our grind #mitchellsplain #teambeeza #shizniz
Like we were just writing an essay dude was breaking his neck trying to read my intro paragraph
Happy birthday my dude @noahbattle3
Happy birthday my dude @quentingaiters_
even with many rejection...just stay awesome dude...hahagaha
Dude I was listening to OutKast yesterday omg
Dude it\'s not fair to point to Mission Rock as a "success" of the @SFBaySierraClub\'s support of Prop B WHEN THEY OPPOSE IT
Just seen this dude in his forties drunk and rapping, then shouting 'fuck da policeeeeee' I'm dead
Dude on maury said he carries condoms because he promotes same sex....lmao
haha! Dude u totally should......it's such a unique country
: Lol, thanks, dude.
no. Chris Palko is a moist emo dude. Cage is monster
I just listened Worlds of for 1209483 time and like always it changed my humor. Thx dude
looks awesome dude, I've always admired drummers. Any instrument, really! Takes skill to multitask like that.
This dude on IG smiles a lot. It's a little creepy but dude got nice teeth. I'll give him that.
this dude has taken my English class 4 times lmaooooo he's so funny
Lmao dude I've never seen some shit like that before in all my years of playing
Hbd 2 the homie @GucciAndew, all fucked up ahaha. ur too funny but we gotta get fucked up asap! Hmu, hbd dude
dude its too hot to be talking about sex lol
thanks dude! Much appreciated!! :)
so adamant about Floyd, but she dating the same dude in essence. Fraudulent.
I been looking for this dude for about 4 days
Dude you met CEO @JohnLegere
#Granny,#Mature,#Milf,#Old,#GrannyGlasses: Snow White Dude Tarzan Fucks Nina Rotti And Skyler Nicole In FFM...
Happy birthday to my bro ! I can't wait for game day bro in SC have a great day today dude!
Just listened dude nice!!
dude he plays for my favorite team, he's a fucking beast lmao
you think too much chill dude ...
dude, it's all a lie told by the establishment. Jesus dropped a few mixtapes and the rest is, well. History.
Happy for you my dude. Enjoy it. She got a good and hard-working one.
I'm gonna give this a shot my dude I just need to find my positive energy once more
Dude said with the way I cook ima land a Husband ....... bruh........................ Bruh...... Lol
This dude got this big ass pitbull....cmon man
dude happy bday hope ur doin well, ihop and chill again soon
caz we have club activity on every Wednesday, that's why tomorrow is short day in our school dude
dad refused to babytalk when I was a baby and the idea of this stern stoner dude just talking to a baby like "do you like
Dude cut the BS....he had the hamstring going into week 2. #StopIt
Ki ugly dude
this old dude on the metro is sitting a little too close to me.
certainly did, thanks Dude !
yo. 'sup dude?
"dude sorry im gonna be late bc of who i am"
friend: dude look at that ch- me: CHICKEN WRAPPED IN PARMA HAM STUFFED WITH MOZZARELLA WITH A SIDE OF HOMEMADE MASH
Just don't get it dude I really don't
Seen like everytime a dude starts Saggin they pants they all of a sudden are some type of monster
what a scrub. You lost dude. A real pro doesn't run his mouth on social media.
You know you're in Texas when some dude is wearing a cowboy hat and has another one on the dash for stylistic purposes
nothin better than a dude with ambition
binchhhhhh I brought in my own cup one time ole dude say "no baby you can\'t do that." I said "you have a good one"
who is this dude?
I just burped and idc if the dude heard it.... Do what I wannnnt
holy shit you are so dense. we're asking you to QUESTION. YOUR. PERSPECTIVE. but you're not doing that???? what on earth dude.
#Just Legal,#Teensex,#GangBang,#Dogging,#uksex: Cougar Woman Gives Slobbery Blowjob To A Horny Dude
COMPUTERS ARE SO COOL DUDE PEOPLE DON'T APPRECIATE HOW FREAKING DOPE THEY ARE
ahaha of course, and no dude. The clips werent bad at all man, i enjoyed it regardless.
my teacher: does anyone know any dirty jokes dude this guy is weird
Soooo... U think ur cool now? wake up dude
That dude would have freaked me out. Period.
State cop arresting some dude on stadium drive
Next book, dude, write a role for her so it can get adapted and she can play it. ::grin:: I have a feeling that would rock.
Dude I'm so funny
One dude named Will skipped out on his board test to sell fake shoes
"We live in a post racial society" yet people still call Native Americans, Indians from the lamest dude of the 15th cen
everything was going great with this dude until he called one direction a shit band gtg
shout out to Chris Bosh dude really went and turned a ho into a housewife.
I'm willing to bet Dan Campbell is a Hank Williams Sr type of dude.
PLAYBOY dropping nudies? That's it. I'm not asking Santa for another subscription! Dude always got me last yr.'s issues anyway.
He must've seen how big dude was and said fuck that lmao
DUDE I LOVE YOUR DP ITS SO ADORABLE
Never trust a dude who sincerely describes people who look at foliage as "peepers."
dude every time you got called to the office you were in trouble. minus maybe two times.
I called my grandpa 3 days ago, this dude just called me back asking did I call him. What have you been doin for 3 days lol
I freakin' showed the dude a dark brown colour #110bucksgone
clean ur nail dude lmao
It's like 730 in the am and there's a dude on the bus breaking into a pint of Ben and Jerry's cookie dough
Lol @ this one dude hating on others that choose to go out on weekends. Just because you're engaged doesn't mean you're better t
thanks dude you need to come visit soon
So I take it this dude is going to duck me until the 15th since he's in the Navy and owes me money?
This dude said I can make your eyelashes twirl
Me too dude. The ignorance is so unreal.
My class mate: Dude.. Pass that book please.. Me: Tulu Pather Byaawarsi.. #Canara
No wonder Trevor Wetzel is the best wideout in the league, the dude got 4 arms
. " the type of dude to let you in his free listening party and charge you $30 to get out" -
#Milf,#Mature,#NubuleFilms,#handjob,#blowjob,#wanking,#SexFilms: Horny Grannie Rides Young Dude Reverse And...
dude the cold sucks when u in school cuz the class is quite and shit and then u have like a cough attack
Don't impose your gender identification preferred form of address on other Justins, dude...um.. 'lady'. Wait. 'dudette'?
And the dude said if he gets arrested he'll never admit to anything and he'll drag it out forever. so that's what I learned in English today
dude was just vaping out his car window at a red light and i got a face full of flavored smoke. better than smog i guess.
I think my twitter crush could totally take my fb husband in a fist fight. But that crazy dude from Craigslist would stab t
dude, your beard is a+
dude you gonna get one of the newer mustangs ?
Everything lil dude do , it comes back to me .
yeah, now you're just the creepy dude with the teen baby mama
Vick surely gets zero credit for yesterday's W, that dude is garbage....
Jessica, are you OK? (dude is creeping ME out.)
Here is rocking his #Lemonaded shirt! Looks great dude! &lt;3
Peace dude! Great to have on #PMDrive w @Rob_Vember. photobombing as usual!
My Ex so aggravating dude
Goodbye #Playboy... Hail new children's magazine...
Consider it a small update, not a whole new product. You'll need to start thinking like a product person, dude.
happy birthday @Tansey_Seth. first memory of second grade is you. have a wonderful day, dude
Dude that's a dope ass tat
aw dude :(
I'm pissed af right now like WTF dude can you fuckin not
Really cool work dude. Where are you based?
tough dude I just ran this morning
That time som dude told me they don't want no trouble, when they obviously wanted trouble, because they stay in...
I miss u dude like you were in my dream last night I don't remember what happened but you were there hahah
what the fuck dude commonnnn
#Dude that sounds #awesome
Happy birthday to my dude love you man. Sweet avi also
Dude, me Jayda need our own show
You try your best but its show a diff way, like dude. That thing is not for you.
Sound like a bitch i used to fw whole time her dude aint even together ctfu
my god I have over 30 guns this dude going to flip out
Taking monster dude to school and back home to catch up on some zzz's before some serious deep cleaning. #zombiemommy #ocdcleaning
Happy birthday my dude @CDH__10
dude watch one punch man lol
dude - you rock! thanks a lot for the prompt reply!! will give this a go asap! \\o/
This Lido dude be mixing his ass off.. I found his soundcloud
dude shut up no he doesn't.
man gone with that gay shit dude lol
dude ryan miller slayed last night i can't believe it
awwwwww hes a strong lil dude
Happy Birthday @SammyHager! Rock on DUDE!
dude.....what the fuck?!?! Lol I'm so confused was that 5yrs ago
| idk what I would do w/o you! I love you so much dude you keep me from loosing my shit all the time I miss you so
True. My post was making a Carly Fiorina joke at this dude's deserved expense.
the thesis here seems to be that if women want to have sex with a dude for him to do this, you just have to seem like you might
dude it's fucking depressing to think about we will not lose today though.
this dude beside me smell like
Dude I don't feel good at all
Happy bday to my partner in crime! The dude who pushes me to become better each and every day making music. @JamesHowe22
what's good bro?
true, abis libur libur un. we are so active dude
I swear this lady on snap cracks me up so bad dude
na dude yo tweets are the bomb diggity haha
Y'all ever seen a female hollering outside a car for a dude? Threw me off just now
(listens to tame impala once) aha bro come smoke weed and cry with me dude aha bro
always love your work, dude!
^^ watch the vid above dude lol
Good luck, dude!
Happy 30 weeks to this strong little dude! Big eyes like his mom...
thanks for watching dude^^
My dude devon perry is trying to convince our class he played for The Family
Dude, it was a metaphor. No one actually thinks the writers of the show are calling hemophiliacs vampires.
I didn't retweet it though. I pissed me off the homeless guy tried selling a pie and that dude stepped on it
don't worry dude, I'll have a look later, prob on u tube I guess!
That's the lie of the century. Women like different things. Ever got your chick snatched by an ugly dude?
dude the person across from me likes to play her rap really loud n shit and she invites friends over n stuff
My roommate lets his alarm go off like 5 times before he get outta bed. Like dude.
Troy Ave did it again! #fire This dude consistent.
OH MY GOD haha this dark ass dude played one of those trick moaning videos in court hahaha
People love to hate Barkley .. And understandable .. But if you seen dude play in his prime he was ultra fast for his chubby size
Give me time to line my bitches up. They outta town dude lol i been here all week
this sound like my kind of career! Congrats dude
Dude I hate niggas that call there ex a hoe.. like bitch you loved that "hoe"
Yeah, same dude. Cage/Chris Palko
y'all females only like a dude when you see somebody else taking interest in him , sad asses.
look like a cool dude outside the field hahah
S/o to the dude who paid for my coffee
LIVE on #YouNow - come check out this dude
dude I can't go one day without arguing with one of my parents
This dude is killing me
no woman has ever been like "damn, this dude shouting about my body on the street is cute, I should date him" stop catcalli
dude what happened??
working dude
hope you're right my dude. They gotta get ahead early like tonight but not fuck it up then Greinke back in LA it's
dude text me we need to link this weekend
*goes to her fourth wall window, poking her head through* Oh, /you're/ a gneech. *wavey-waves at @the_gneech* Happy b-day, dude!
haha i need to listen to that song feri. Sab birsira cha dude
DUDE okay I think I finally found someone who can take on my weird hypergy
I feel so connected to @Dee1music, dude is so real. Y'all support trill authenticity. #3sUP
dude I'll pay for you! I'm in need of a nail buddy n mine r tragic
Dude.. I don't need your money kahit nag-tatrabaho ka pa :) I have my own!!! :)
Yooooo.. Did this dude really put liquor in his coffee?
You're so jealous of Drake dude. Stop. You look like an idiot.
you can tell he a southern dude...they think shit like that is impressive lmao
I'm already over today that dude just pissed me off!
Accept the reality dude!
That was back in the days accurate days I was a cold dude I'm getting back to my ways
That was lovely dude, thank you Glad you had a good time!
It's been 56 days since u left me u still got the guts to ws me asking to talk to some random dude who ws me which is ir fren?
dude my hair is outtttta there
Game and that Jidenna dude really do look like the same nigga
Dude, according to the trades Canada is smokin' it with TV and Film production. What is this,the 80's?? Rock on, homey!
ew dude fuck no
Played a great game!
dude having tits is the bom
Dude trust me, it's worth it.
dude has no chill.
I feel so lost idk dude
thanks dude !!
dude, today we might be taking our first calls p fucking nervous.
Haha IDFK and yes dude now I have to come home early
lets go dude ..even if I hated Wendy's when I was working there I still miss eating it Lmfaoo
HBD To my dude he musty af dress like bunny rabbit from 8 mile but he family he 16
"Is this dude Jesus white? Don\'t nobody want unseasoned fish"
Lol @ this one dude hating on others that choose to go out on weekends. Just because you're engaged doesn't mean you're better than everyone
dude do it!!!
I'm a happy dude
nah dude, facebook and instagram
Fam!!" Dude... " Slender fam, you fuck those, you know you fucking""
Dam I know the cable dude see that bottle of lotion in my bed but it's not what it looks like I promise
This dude is the only BOY i know that loves taking pictures of me and hangs them up in his bedroom...smh
dude I wish I could do that. I'd probably break something tho xD
This dude is sitting here swiping on Tinder instead of taking his test
This dude!
dude I've just been a bad student all semester lol my classes just suck
I love dude's movies, but his opinions on film culture are growing increasingly tedious the longer thi
dude get her what u got mya. An alpacasso!
dude I don't even remember that, I was drunk. what do you expect. I would never do that sober ever. trust me i regret it
My B look like a pro man I love this dude so much
Happy birthday to my boy love you dude
always will dude
did she mean a dude from the state of Ohio??
Dude here it is c: the lost stars cover thingy
think about it! Hahaha you still have a year more dude
I can't wait dude .. Stroman's got this
*at macdonalds* *some dude was staring my way* "yo never seen a guy eat mac before?"
I aint just bouta be tonguing no chick in the bar like dude get a room
hahaha dude still laughing at the fact we scared the crap out of you
#chocolate #fall seem made for each other. Thats why is our artisan of the month! Get the scoop here:
This lady at the impound lot is such a fucking bitch dude
Goodlow is the funniest dude on planet earth
Yessss my dude just dropped a new Fantasy Life remix album and it's killer!
This one dude Mark, he was there 2 years and barber school takes 10 months..
Half to this shit. I got my own Dude when Donovan start picking his daughter up and shit then u can comment other than that
he's my dude haha
Dude on this lil scooter thing on campus and asking his homeboy for a ride to the crib!! Boy Betta glide his but to the crib!
i gotta meet this guy sounds like a wonderful dude
Nick You're voice is incredibleyou know that...when you sing I really feel it dude!! #DestinedToBeGreat
Dude on the elevator was listening to Don't Stop Believing. Like, for pleasure. wtf
In Massachusetts if u not some old white dude nobody can stomach to see u paid
Ctfu this dude is fucking childish
If a man is interested in me...he'd better show me!!! I'm not down for the dude who wants to hide his like for me to seem cool
because she stole my wine and beer and weed? That makes her a theif dude. I forgave her. I don't see the issue
A dude I used to work with gave me a rosebush
is my jam lately. Dude hits me in the feels. It's so beautifully written and executed.
PLAYBOY dropping nudies? That's it. Not asking Santa for another subscription. Dude always got me last yr.'s issues anyway.
Says the confused dude who supports the party of Obama, Clinton, Sanders the rest of th
I said the same thing, between him and the Australian dude...the weird thing is I see more male SJWs pull thing crap now
Rolling with on mon-thurs nfl.Very nice start.Can only watch a dude win for so long, before I jump on
Some dude brought Pei Wei to class. I eat weird meals on occasion, but not Chinese food for breakfast!
Dude is fake... He's a bad person!
Dude you've been talking for like a month. Chill. Your tweets make ppl think you've got like five years of history
Because I'm a dude who writes really cheesy, sad, love stories when I have the time
dude haven't talked to you in a long while how's it going
That millionaire dude in #Homeland is a friggin IDIOT!!!! He has that someone is going to kill me foreshadowing character
dude look at the personality on that girl"oh shit man i\'d talk to her all night long
just dont wear boxers BUDDY MY DUDE GET BOXER BRIEFS THEY WILL MAKE YOU FEEL LIKE A SUPER HERO IN THE GROIN
Lol other dude really aint shit
dude I'm your twin
A hot dude, AND he's holding a baby? The cuteness is >;9000 ur slaying the fangirls left n right man. htt
I'm dying, dude
ok dude goodluck can't wait
Whatever dude
hung out w/him after show at Milk Bar, dude was cool as hell. Also hung with him wife in Atlanta for a Boss Hog show
The bagel man just laughed in my face for saying egg ham chz instead of ham egg chz ....... Fuck u dude, u work in a bagel shop????
Dude! Bring me a copy of #HIWTMI so you can sign it for me after I crowd surf during your set at #PoetryAfrica.
PSA: if youre a dude #NoBraDay is NOT a good conversation starter on the street
how has no one mentioned brandin cooks? Cause he got a garbage time td? The dude is killing me
Fat dude gets folded
happy bday dude!! Enjoy..
dude you're the one that started this lol
Im not that kind of girl dude. You've done the wrong thing >;_&lt;
Dude, everything and are saying about discussing design is so right on. Can't wait to dig into the book. #dpm2015
Had to ask for his barber, dude looked great today
you fucked up dude hahahaha
shows some oral skillz as lucky dude gets his vanilla tool raised,c p$$y lips
I like your thinking dude! :-) How are you?
Haven't heard from u for a while dude,how's it going
me: have a good one weird dude: no you have a better one
again dude I don't care the corvette stingray is just as good of a car and is 30k cheaper
Talking shit won't make you cool dude, you look stupid. Just a friendly reminder.
dude said his jersey cost the same as salary. You gotta get a new job if that's the ca
Why the fuck do people not know how to ride the train. Dude, you face the direction the train is going
Get over it dude
dude wtf!?!!!?! So kcee owes his success to Davido now??? Hahahaha you're a joker.
This dude man.
Dude i am a strong PTI Supporter...but seriously, you need to get a crash course in twitter..You are a jok
*brazilian dude acts pitiful* Me: Chill man Him: Dude I am chilled dafuq is wrong with you? Ok Wow Nice Congrats Splendid
Dude come on how could you call someone your brother or sister if you had to pay them to join their circle and so quickly?
I posted this picture last year but its the only one I havehappy birthday Jake sharp!Have a super great day dude h
quien te manda? Jk dude I miss drinking with you guys
Shaqs ass got me blocked me anyways . you lame asf dude. u need 2 just leave my sister alone or I'm Def @ yo ass.
Simply love Bea Power to this Refiloe dude, man. Pure inspiration! My goodness!
Hey alien dude... I got two tickets for @PearlJam!
why sam hit me talking bout some you not suppose to be having a party bus im with my dude on that
I think has him.. Dude is averaging 25ppg
what dude can only talk to one girl ?????
That was a good one from Lt Gen Dambazau. Hope he gets to work with the right team dude sounds good IMO.. #MinisterialScreening
man gone dude
#Black #Dude #Eats #Married #White #Pussy and #Fucks it
Ninja Yolandi made the film for me (plus the other dude, Yankie). Also nice to see Deon punya bit.
Garrus is just a cool loyal dude, and I respect that. I like characters who are flawed but will still follow their leader to the end. (5)
BIIIIIIIIITCH I CANT BELIEVEEEEEEEEEEEE..... THE VS SHOW!!??!,! MY DUDE MY DUDE MY NIGGA
Happy birthday to my dude Miss you and the rest of the cream fam
Happy birthday dude @GavinSmith84
dude, I'm South African. So yes, I referenced the world because this problem is bigger than any one country.
nope. dude it was silent so it wasn't scary
Happy birthday all the best for spm dude!
PLAYBOY dropping nudies? That's it. I'm not asking Santa for another subscription. Dude always got me last yr.'s issues anyway.
Dude where's my epidural #pregnantorlabouramovie
Why wen I talk to people I start to talk like a dude
dude you totally should. there's nothing you people can't accomplish. remember, its handi-capable!
dude I would love to produce some content with you I'm up for any game.
Some dude in my maths class drew a smile face on my head and said because liam isn't here to doodle on you. It kinda make chuckle.
Dude you got this. I am so excited right now! I will keep my fingers crossed for you.
yea that dude Pablo Escobar made 60 mill a day that's crazy
This dude just walked into pvcc with a cape on...we are all adults here...we don't judge, right? Lol
omg dude. no one cares.
Anytime dude :)
The dude on the right lost his shit five seconds later
#TodayKidsWillNeverKnow How creepy this dude was
damn dude ok don't be long lol I miss u
dude they're idiots. I never listen to them and I just wanted to slap myself for listening to them.
dude, new book has Palmer being buddies with Buck. They really want us to like her! So accept those as priorities.
King Shady, though the dude is one hot MOFU.
HAPPY BIHDAY TO THIS DUDE! I still can't believe he is 16 today ahh how time flies!!
Dude couldn't even go to hospital first. Had to take out his phone and upload a video to Instagram. SMH
Idk how guys can hit their girls, not only hit, but beat. How small is your dick dude? Man up.
There's a lot of yucky sucky people in this world but isn't one of them. Thankful for this dude.
dude I'm so seriously!! What a perfect antagonist.
The dude motivated the shit out of me the other day realtalk
dude for real?
dude has done more sef
Thank god someone else thought the sameanyways how are you doing dude??
&lt;Eyes writer with a frown>; Dude, you look terrible! [[Thanks, man. Means a lot.]] Get yourself a cup of coffee or something. Seriously.
You work hard and do what's best for you man and keep that strap for years to come. Super fight with Johnson dude you win 10/10
haha dude the office is my favorite show ever I saw your Twitter name and thought it was awesome hahaha
this shit is mad fucking good dude good work bro
I'm this close dude
followback dude
Me: Hey gang! *finger guns* Gang: Dude, stop stroking our guns
Over heard some guy at breakfast "DUDE I got a girls snap chat. So today is basically the best day of my year."
RIP Skatemaster Tate. Glad I got to talk to him a bunch over the last 2 years. Such a great dude, he will be missed.
Why this dude on a horse..
Happy birthday my dude @JakeSharp22
to each his own, only speaking for me, but a dude kissing me is scarier than the boogeyman himself.
I posted this picture last year but its the only one I havehappy birthday Jake sharp!Have a super great day dude
kind of like that dude for the Cowboys with the first name Christine. People out here trying to reinvent the wheel with names
dude gets mo lucky as he slides thru this sweetness damn what a ryd!
I honestly have only ever seen 1 dude with NVGs in MGSV because I infiltrate during the day all the time. At least I know who can see me.
Nuns and a Sixties woman, 1968
haha hell yeah dude
nothing dude
thanks dude !
ya one time I saw a guy kick a homeless dude and it gave me the flu
This girl in my Bio lab says dude after every three words...
life hack: be a cool dude
He looks so sad because the dude won't share with him hahahahha
nah dude I want this to stop as much as you do
dude thanks for always being so positive. And not being judging if people regardless what they are like. You rock!
Oh yeahhhh! I just went Kool aid dude on your ass!
I'm sleepy asf dude
On 4nem dude ass a hoe all he do is promote glitches, support fuckery, steal shit, call himself a hustler u aint from where you say u is
Swear i just had to walkin behind this dude in class to go turn in my baby and my boob hit him in the head #bigboobprobs
as in "hey dude"
Horny And Sexy Slut Calls Her Dude To Have Sex With Him - #pics,#anal,#teen,#hot, #porn,#sex
Then i was at my middle school watching some dude tie dye some shirts and I started looking at onesies like what
I STILL struggle with the latter. Albeit; the dude is getting better better; day by day. #TruthSerumTuesdays
Muhammad Ali The Beatles
lol this dude called to say Americans are spoiled and lazy and that's why they like Anglo names. #preach
PLUS HAVING A RUNNY NOSE WOW DUDE AM I DYING
fr dude I miss bella, and your parents, and destinee, even your grandma too
Girl Found Frozen For 500 Years Looks Well Preserved And Alive
you need to dude
Your new dude don't realize, I'll fucking kill him. Haha.
fuck this place dude
dude WHAT?!?!?!?
That and dude saying a football team of the troops would beat the all pro team lmaoooooo
School is ew dude
I always start my days off with a blunt n music
That's a risky dude, the risks eyes seems to say
Some dude I know just called himself a "Philly nigga," bro, you\'re a white dude from the south Jersey suburbs. Stop..
Not surprised a lot of dudes are gay for pay
dude, you're amazing.
PLAYBOY dropping nudies? That's it. I'm not asking Santa for another subscription. Dude always got me last year's issues anyway.
Dude, it does not feel like I should be taking my senior composites already.
walked past this dude just now in class he said something to me in Spanish n gave me a weird look lol uh ok
dude you are
This dude here is the best SHMONEY STEP .. Classic and when he swings that bad boy around I'm dead
you have no idea this dude is the Meek Mill of students smh #trash
whew no thank you to both the dude was saying how he won a ghost pepper eating contest
yea you right and Dude this makes me think how you've said I'd be night wing lmao
dude i lowkey want wingstop
Big Bro out here making MOVES! Make sure y'all check him out via the #RevoltMusicConference -->;>;
omfg yes he's fucking hot bastard. Dude when he turns 70 he's still gonna look hot af.
Had a dude named candy man who literally just got the game, hope they make gow4 mm fair to new players
dude I know and she wants to fight them like bitch they were bound to get caught they have video of them
The dude next to me is snoring
wtf dude thats just disgusting tbh
And if you have a problem with that, kausapin mo sila. :) Show some respect dude.
We have a pair of tickets for today's #NLDS Game 4 that we'll be giving away. Retweet this by 10 a.m. CDT for a chance to win. #
happy birthday nicko love you dude
"We all fiends, gotta do it, even righteous guys go thru it" \'All American thirst for fame\' got me in tears dude
- Not gonna lie. I chilled w someone. Not someone I just met its a dude I've liked since I was young.
#NoBraDay today... must have been a dude that made it on a nippy October 13th!
i'm all about... what's it called.... intersexy feminism??? yeah i'm a real progressive dude. hmu ladies
Kid in a frat tells another kid in a frat, "Dude I worked 18 hours this week, it was so bad." lol. FGCU has some hard worke
Dude why are you asking me? Do I look like Luchi to you? LOL
dang I wish dude, I have classes all day Tuesdays and Thursday's and truly never see you enough
dude discover weekly sucks ass now
We all know that one dude that throws in a dollar.
dude your set was really cool and I see you guys being big like power trip 4 $ure just keep writing in the right direction.
My dude on 2k name is Calvin Cambridge. On my Like Mike shit
screw that dude
dude said his jersey cost the same as salary. You gotta get a new job if that's the case bro.
I don't trust the unknown I barely trust the known if I can't do research on him then that's a wrap (never had a west d
Check out WordBubbles on A fun and free word game!the dude abides
yup yup dude this weekend is going to be completely nuts I'm fired up you are coming
dude they don't even give ME a lifetime supply of pizza rolls.
Got this friend who is into S and M. One day...she met this deeper life dude and decides at all cost to make sure he doesn't ... Cont'd..
.. Charm a dude to help you.. *wink* " Hardeyi Even with ladder. My hand will probably just touch the end of the flag "
Damn near anyone can be "famous" these days. No talent, skill or training in your "craft" - just date an industry dude live off the hype.
wow thanks for the follow we are really big fans of #TombRaider feel privileged for you following us :) thanks
It's such BULLLSHIT dude
Happy birthday dude you're awesome and I'm glad that we are friends hope your day is amazing
I think he's prettier than the dude you sucked off right before you begged for Kyle back don't you?
Chicago likes me more than you dude. A girl who used to see you a lot said "I rap better, and you can\'t rap."
Never put a dude first always put God n Myself first
man... this happened to me last night! I was up 55 dude just had Rivers and Gates he won by 1. WAY 2 GO MIKE
Maybe its just me being mean or dude just cant handle it
the dude is riding private jets when on min wage
You woulda really enjoyed it...btw dude I noticed we face each other in fantasy this week
the sekond dude was on a song wit keef on dat sorry for the weight
whys everyone praising spurrier? dude just bailed so hard
Miss our important tweet yesterday? It was about this dude @chriscornell
I'm so tired like fuck dude I am not a damn robot
Look at his twitter profile dude.
it's ok man, no need to be mad on line. asher is just a good lookin dude
get a life dude
dude I'm lost
I'm gonna kill you to death dude. 2 times!
If u got a dude say it bih... I don\'t need ya number for u to drop that "I got a man bom later when its Netflix time.. #smh #lol
DUDE IS EVERYONES BIHDAY TODAY HOLY FUCK
He seems like such a good natured dude.
lmao John go to sleep dude
Some big ass Puerto Rican dude at 7-Eleven just called me sweetness
It's #nationalnobraday ? Seriously? Tell me that wasn't invented by a dude.
this dude slammed his desk and i flinched violently and they started laughing. fuck off
yesssss this italian dude, I told him to challenge us but the fool doesn't even have a gb?!?! I blocked him too, weird cunt man
happy birthday dev hope your day rocks you're the best love you dude @DevonAdams11
A L W A Y S, dude. #EMABiggestFans1D
dude same im literally dying here
Dude... " Slender fam, you fuck those, you know you fucking"
This dude bleaches his hair...
Just saw a vanity plate that was BJS4U and the dude driving the car looked like he sucked a lotta dick too.
You really should listen to the audio from a 911 call from a dude who was "too high
U dont even care dude
Just heard the new teaser for the new I'm ready dude I'm excited #vampireseverywhere #michaelvampire
I miss you dude !!
oh dude trust me I feel the same
Dude\xa9FM Appreciates your recent Retweet have a GREAT Monday :)
MLB winning over the younger crowd by banning gifs/vines and marketing their app with some bored dude on his ipad at an act
lol,seen dudes last 10 films? The Visit was tragic + dude RUINED AirBender w/ such great source material. gtfoh
FUCK YEAH DUDE!
Dude Hillary Banks was dope
Young Dolph is literally the only dude I care about, there is no one else that compares. Convinced.
Uk #whore tease an old dude
that's cool but, you're only one dude compared to million more who does
11 months with this Dude be like.. @ Cavite City
If this dude makes me present rn I'm running out of this class.. Haven't been here for 2 weeks
Is there or can stinking money replace injustice cruelty abuse rights Dude No damn NO throw in jail #MH370 @MAS
Wow. Just got me some work with Jace. Dude is even willing to work on something next time he's in LA.
Damn dude. Think you could stare any harder?
I miss being blitzed with this dude
I don't actually approve of #NoBraDay cos srsly dude I'm a big Bra fan
nah dude it's arietta
Never thought I'll reach a point where aku pujuk orang like wtf nigga I don't do that to anyone dude you better be grateful af
When she say she can't talk she wit her bf and u feel sorry for the dude...either he a lame of not in the know lololol
Fall in love? Dude I can't even fall asleep
Just sad I am leaving RSA just as the "Dude you\'re getting a Dell" jokes start
oh alright dude. check ko later or tomorrow.
Don't forget to stop by our trailer for #trucklandia this week. We'll be sampling Dude,bars! and birthday cake cookies.
Nah The Ave now But I will say that every west side dude claims they are from Park Heights. Jew town don't cou
and now she's sleeping with him....again! her live-in boyfriend. it hurts......dude
WHAT A BALLER DUDE AND THIS WAS 2 YEARS AGO!!
Dude in front of me on this flight is checking his AOL Mail via Mobile Web on his flip phone. WHAT YEAR IS IT?
Don't be that dude that retire and trick off on joints, find some joints with the same thing you got and milk them
you just pushed everything to the limits dude
dude popsicle told me she was bring food 'just for me' and the catch was i was supposed to talk and be her friend again
fuck acne dude
dude no one believes me that it is good af
Dude Made A Kid Call His Mother After Catching Him Stealing His Car! "They Could\'ve Killed Your Azz
I know I'm trying dude. I need to catch up, I haven't been reading or watching episodes
woah that's deep dude
they're so much fun dude
Ha wowwwwww dude...
tomorrow is Wednesday dude
A conversation between freshman I just heard: "dude you know fountains have wifi?" "What?" "Yeah they have a wifi symbol on the fountains"
Jaren: "I am white." Dr\x82: "I FUCKIN KNOW DUDE"
Steve Spurrier went 44-40 in the SEC at South Carolina and could get a parade. Mark Richt is 80-36 at Georgia and could get h
That dude spot my car every where !
I think I also owe bus fare dude a cup of coffee or something, if one is available for purchase.
Dude I feel so sick to my stomach
how giroux paraphrased the tweet instead of reading the whole thing like dam dude it's one sentence... it's less than 140 characters
nigga last tym I was the I saw ur gun dude I'm no longer feel safe
This dude giving a sermon on the bus needs to keep his day job because this is not it
: Dude what happened ???
not your faves?....dude, they are f awesome, one of my fav bands...wanna hear some of my fav songs tho?
Fucklove dude
Lil dude from across the street...let me hold a dollar or 50
I don't trust the unknown I barely trust the known if I can't do research on him then that's a wrap (never had a west dude)
thanks dude. My b
he is one handsome dude.
dude's who wear Rock Revival's look like they steal purses
drake stole so much shit from niggas tho, this tiller dude just a hop on to a hop on
has been terrific. Especially last night. Valuable role player who's going nowhere vis a vis roster.
S/O to the random dude who let me get his notes from the class I missed, #youtherealmvp
Finally watched Hugo! Expected: movie about two kids an automaton. Received: movie about an old white dude.
dude*
dude legit if they made one about that the whole squad would be on
I've been having really horrible dreams lately! Wtf dude
dude gon' fuck up my life as usual .. black devil.. candy cain looking B
dude she was being so funny last night she had all the morning people laughing their ass off and everything
dude that shit was so funny
agreed... as a Buffalo fan I just want Eichel.. lol.. but Larkin is that dude too!
late to class? Dude you were in Virginia
Happy birthday @kamster41!!! I miss you dude I hope you have a great day!
you are crazy dude, keep watching the Wire, I'll never trust your opinion again if you quit on The Wire,&lt;--- @bomani_jones
Props to the guy sitting in front of me in the train who said hello when I sat down. You're a good dude. #itsnicetobenice
Dude you live like an hour from me haha
I feel you dude...
happy birthday dude stay off your feet.
most likely dat dude Isaiah perry shit it should b dumb lit this year
The thing I love about the Dude A Day email from @BuzzFeed? The copy.
dude you're gonna anger Skynet with that kind of talk
congratulations dude, hope the gang's all well. Great name. I've just rejoined the workforce myself from baby Isobel.
Dude, the guy sitting infront of me just texted, im assuming his girlfriend , "you dont love me"
Omg this dude talk TOO much!!!!
I think was killed by professor Adkins. Dude disappeared
dude, i seriously dread wearing pants
dude this band is sick!!!!
if it's just about the dude .. I won't even bother x
My boss caught on to my passive aggressive fuckery pretty quick lol. Dude proceeded to apologize for shit I wasn't eem mad about.
Nah The Ave now But I will say that every west side dude claims they are from Park Heights. Jew town don't count bruh
mahn, she won my heart in E01...that scene in the car with the dude. Cheii
Lol the homie astral planes just shared a beat he made with me with the jingle bells melody. This dude goofy! Shit banged
Dude is mad contradictive, pfft
The help dude i'm talking to is so hilarious omfg
Mississippi Dude Worries Removing Confederate Flag Is Bad For The Jews #uniteblue #tcot #teaparty #gop #lnyhbt
ANGRY WHITE DUDE ATTENDS FIRST YOGA CLASS!: Know whats the best invention created by man? Nope, not the polio...
Dad who ? never kneww that dude. Alwayss hadda black 2
nah you\'re crazy " Im here dude "
I love dude's movies, but his opinions on film culture are growing increasingly tedious the longer this year drags on.
Ahmed treat deede ab saab se zyada mene wish kia he :* Stay blessed Have a great blast xD #HappyBirthdayAhmed @AhmedHere_ @HolaItsAhmed
I didn't realise the dude who looks like an elf from the cheap cruise(jeans store) now works at tony guys....Is he a batty man!?.lol....
dis room is fucking cold dude!
Dude! We're talking about Anna She's been asking for my nudes for months
Dude Making a Difference in the News
Cheeks full of grapes.....silly dude!
#imagine A- just admit it L- I cant admit to fancying my best friend y/n on the radio she will hear M- Dude i think
hikss thank you so much my dude big hug and kiss God bless you
Damn dude that's way too much what is the build?
"You\'re leaving us with another female" -dude in my class who thinks female professors are "too emotional"
Sounds so much fun dude, totally jealous! Hope you have a good time! :)
just stay away from me. that's all. stop hurting me dude
karson need his own tv show dude is a clown lol
Hopefully the dude will be ok!
I dont want to waste gas to go to to mesa dude
come on fin hurry up we're all waiting for you little dude!
what rank are you dude lol? You have a god tier inventory...don't tell me it's like nova 2
I feel the same way about Coldplay dude. Clocks was my ish.
dude lil dicky is a white rapper I thought he was black
awesome dude bigups,dope voice
dude I didn't know they did that
Very friendly dude right here. Saw him in the train today and we exchanged acknowledgements with a friendly smile.
Thanks dude! Would anyone like to see an accent/ impressions video soon?
dude he looks so content in the second picture if this isn't the cutest thing I've seen today
the guy on brookland that sets up his whole yard for Halloween is so awesome I love this dude
Theres a dude preaching in front if the JC.. he keeps yelling "your masterbation will send you straight to hellfire!!"
Your mcm the dude that collects energy drinks while having a pack of cigs in his back pocket smelling like trailer park armp
dude we're not friends.
When a dude takes it upon himself to make a beeline for you you wanna tell him to just stay weh him deh
Oomf pisses me off sometimes like quit being so damn hypocritical dude
This dude is a real life monster lol
DUDE HELL YESSSS
DUDE WTF I IMPULSIVELY ORDERED A WATCH AND A BOOK HOW CAN I HELP U MAN
Dude I just woke up also
dude you look hella cute in them omg!! You are not gross!!!! Youre FABULOUS
dude u can still come omg ! the post even says u dont gotta be jojos come with me
Spooky Ghost Text Effect #Photoshop #Tutorial #dise\xa4ografico
Speaking of All-Dude teams, called Hardings Xavier Bass a Dude on Quick Hits. So Bass is on with Capodagli and Madnick #cthsf
He is better off. So I once met this handsome dude that saved his mother\'s name as "My Mummy " and that was the e
Perk of being a dude: no one gives you crap for liking fall.
T.I. is the same dude that wanted to fight another man for taking a picture with his wife. and he's calling women rash/
Is it cos i just finished listening to Brilliance thats making this Sulaiman Adamu dude Unimpressive..
dude i fucking copied the packet with diego and now she all over my ass and this morning she was talking alot of shit
yup dude I'm a night owl.
#Bitcoin dude doing his thing at #bethnalgreen. cc
Sometimes that's all you can say #dude #imsosorry #sympathycard #sorrycard
last rt ! so me dude!
Fuck you dude.
dude! That's life
Agreed, dude. I've got no time or energy for BS drama. If someone wants to be gradeschool, let 'em. I can make my stuff w/o em
Damn dude just lost it.
thanks dude, from my flag football game last week.
Somebody tell this dude that $VTL phase 3 study failed
pic ain't fyn tho cuz I own my fone jux hanging around campus with ma hommies #alhaji_one #pm #dat_dude n urs truly #yakubu_ii
I liked a video from CS:GO FUNTAGE! - Surfer Dude, Grenades More (CS:GO Funny Moments)
Dude when my nieces be gone for the day I miss them so much lol
I will never be the bitch that cuts off all her fiends for a dude. My boy friends important as fuck but so are my friends
When this HIV+(30yrs) dude gets sick, he goes to his HIV specialist Doctor. Appointment at 1:30pm.
My dude BHutt is nice on the court don't sleep
dude I love it I'm probs going there
IM GOING DARK :)))))) dude my hair is gonna be SO different!
dude..move
with or without a dude, the money don't stop!
Im not desperate like you dude
The maintenance man just told me I look like a zombie. Thanks dude.
In a few days, second anniversary na ng first encounter natin with Dude Penggoy, David Gillian. :-)
yeah dude its weird.
dude! NICE! I can't wait to see!
All This Shit Is So Lame Dude.
Got to be, my brother was a solid dude he ain't deserve this!
Coach At Again ... This Hard
Dude went to UF 1st game against a nobody but went to Miami/FSU if he would of went to the UF/Tennessee game he wouldn't of said that
Our coolest dude from #maestrefamilyfood #CARLOSMAESTRE #paellaalamaestre #miguelssangria
Incredible that a white Jewish dude Asian woman are responsible for some of hip-hop's biggest names #ICMTalent #PushingBoundaries
the collab single with the rocker dude right...jung..something (why is his name escaping me?)
hey dude, im thinking of getting a film camera myself hahahaha
dude fuck!! I was planning decadence but there line up sucks compared to lol
Dude I'm on the same boat
Borratt: I want a car with a pussy magnet. [Dude's like, ayt and then show Borratt a Hummer] Borratt: Ok, but where's the magnet?
that's a sext, dude.
damn I see your predicament lmao but for sure my dude let me know
dude what if she got a papercut though
UNDERSTAND this it's NEVER the dude fault when the woman cheat on him... He ain't hold a gun to her head and make her go get
My dude all day works my nerves
thanks dude, we'll get out there soon....Maybe even find another dog.
So what if your girl is super fine but snore like a fat dude? What do you do? Lol
This dude is waving his dreads everywhere
Marcus the only dude I know that can't do twin day right
5SOS with some dude at a M G yesterday (sorry idk the user)
Lyndzey , dude I'm gonna miss you so much
Like what's triller than dropping a FREE album on YOUR birthday.Dude be sharing his gift instead of receiving gifts!WHAT!? #3/4PACE
It\'s funny when I tweet something, and a dude flies into my mentions to say, "Correct." Like, I know it\'s correct. That\'
haha no i feel you dude i agree completely
that's ducking awesome dude. congrats to her
yessss hahahaha. Dude we had so much fun!
DUDE YOU ARE MY PERSON!!! that "i want attention" message is my fave to send
Make sure u have fun wit ur friends in the studio x #1tyme
dude dropped a bomb in a huge situation, you saying MJ shouldn't have fist pumped?
you always had a good ear for music dude
that shit was a YEAR AGO dude, crazy
dude watch the breakdown at 2 min plus. Fking sick as hell
Truth be told u invite any dude to the playboy mansiom hes gonna try to get some yammies
of course my dude! Let's grab a beer this weekend #beers
This dude who ruined a strangers nap.
This one dude just ripped ass so loud in a quiet room
That cum is on YOUR hands, dude! -Me, to Playboy's CEO
All I heard is the dude holding the bible say "you probably want some plastic vagina" and lost it
watsup dude, keep doing U
This dude has balls of steel
S/O to my dude @Jamillionaire_
Happs dude
Professor just dropped the F bomb. Nice dude
When a girl hits a dude in the face so he smokes her. Then everyone wants to kill the dude &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
Y'all better get up on music!! Dude is no joke man!! Don't say I didn't warn y'all.
this dude or young man is the son I never had...so proud of him. Check the smooth interview
Aye guys check this out man this dude is nice on them beats
of course they have a better deal. I'm in sales dude. Don't fall for it.
Why do it take a dude to go to jail to become committed to you????
thank you dude! Take care!
S/O to the dude bumping Money Trees in the parking lot
Lol ion knw any of them" Yup with ChaCha Eke, Pope Junior, Prince Eke et.c " The Nigga aiidy featured in a movie?
Currently evaluating every dude at the barber shop with my sister
someone please send the time:stamp high points of the budden interview. I can't invest an hour into dude.
has been a huge inspiration to my new single Burn it down would love if you listened dude!
lmao dude request off.this weekend )-:
lol dude I like windhoek!
This dude is doing the most smh
dude shut up
hey dude what programs do you use to make your amazing work ?
sure dude! One sec!
Dude I'm rolling!!! Can you confirm Alan Stanwyk has been doing some stunt flying with the tabernacle choir?
Shows I'm from Miami. Have no clue who the dude is.
zack please stop man i moved up to another team dude why are you mad pk has othrr great players
dawg I fell the fuck out. Some dude interrupted her while she was talking and she looked and him was like Niggas
Nice looking 2016 ride dude! Can't wait to see it hauling around the track. Do you plan on racing it at the end of the year??
dude I'm still not over it! It was so freaking funny
Okay, nobody actually bought playboy mags besides maybe the dude that played Napoleon dynamite. It's gonna be okay.
White dude who is oddly dope
Dude, I'm just jk'ing
dude omg i tried to study SO hard today but i was under time pressured so i rushed coordinate geom and probability
seriously no need for that comment dude, I'm not even kidding. Messed up
why are they trying so hard to NOT put harry and louis in an interview together, theyre just bro pals dude mate lad, rig
and frankly, the only reason you know who diana was is cause of the dude she fucked so...??
Dude that is my butt vs. yours just so we're clear mine is the one on the left
damnnn omg . You're such an ass dude
Ion follow dude, but a cuple folks I follow be rt him ok My tl...
you're nasty, dude.
dude u so have to learn to sleep through it like I did!
I swear this dude smells like death.
catching up on #GothamSeason2 got to catch my dude #Jerome aka #BabyJoker
The dude rolling down Pico on a Harley blasting Mayer Hawthorne is my hero. What a champion.
dude this is a joke, I've liked both bands for like a year as well
Do people still wear them?! Dude ...
Seriously? We're talking about how much of a problem ISIS is this dude just came up with -: America should send the AVENGE
STILL SCREAMING!
omg a dude in my ATEP proposed to his gf this weekend i love it
relax there, fat boy jokes are uncalled for dude.
PHIlLIP RIVERS JUST PUNCHED A BIRD
Dude, when you go technical, we'll know. You won't have to tell us
Yup with ChaCha Eke, Pope Junior, Prince Eke et.c " The Nigga aiidy featured in a movie?" Denre
whenever gets on my favourites section gets filled so quick this dude is the realest his work is so genuine and beautiful
My dude you're in fucking college..how hard is it to aim in the toilet and not get the toilet seat pissed on?
Nope. Dude is a construction guy. Road maybe
George King: Captain of the All-Dude team #cthsfb
Girls would rather twerk with each other all night on snapchat instead of giving a dude some pussy. Smh the game fucked up
LMAO DUDE LOOK LIKE COREY IN THE HOUSE AND LOOK AT THE END LOLOL (@Xx__Eric_xX)
Wong seems like the dude always shows up in big spots for them
dude yes thank you so much
Howdy dude. :-)
This dude is snoring behind me in the library... Oh
A 13 year old lmao sick dude
Can't deal with dude tooth
You want to be my friend and yet you're not telling the truth...man up dude
dude, we would've killed that show.
Me and oomf used to stay arguing dude on me he used to piss me off.
dude sign it anywhere who cares
I enjoy being Like that dude
nah dude pasta roni cups are the real bae
thx dude that means a lot :D
SOMEONE CALL THE COPS! THIS DUDE IS VIOLATING MY HIPAA RIGHTS! Also those results weren't supposed to be until Fri.
David hussman explains the Dude's Law (roughly based on ohm's law) #pnsqc #value
people kill me dude.
Thanks, dude! God, what a relief...
yikes, dude.
damn /: sorry dude
That dude needs a Revelation.
What she told me. I would never do her like that dude
do it dude don't think twice
She curvin da dude dat really care bout her know her da best ta go get a fake ass buzz frm dz corny ass niggas
Look little dude, this weird screeching phase you're going through when you get excited makes momma want to rip her own skin off. Cool it.
This dude's laugh is so annoying
I'd really paid no mind to this whole painting thing with this Ayanda guy, but listening to him now on Capricorn FM and yeah, dude is lame.
the fck dude? Haha
Happy bday BILLY! hope it is as good as ur slapshot DUDE
cuz it was uncalled for dude u prob wouldn't like it if I said I was gonna shit on something u own lmao c'mon
This dude called Swimmy decoration
Dude on the left look hella scudded this bandgang song funny tho go
lor eastside dude.
A girl havin a dude has never stopped them from fuckin with me..EVER..lol..sad truth
tell me about it dude
idc what you say dude. Me and Marcus never flirted in no messages. Idk about any other girl? But me and Marcus never had nothin
So this dude was a total ass when he called to book a room last week, but today he saw me in person and was instantly nice and flirty.
dude his for head is brighter than my future and it got smacked
Kanye west is really a cool ass dude
glad you like it dude, thanks again!
Thanks, dude!
Yeah? Next time you come through Arkansas @tommychong, I got the grinder.!
Jongdae: Dude, I just walked by a lingerie store...the sign out front, Specials for Fathers Day, in no way is that just no
Hey dude! Can you help me get verified on YouTube?
all i want was for you to be there for me dude
Doernbecher 8's
dude your "sourced" article has a clear bias in the domain name alone. Cry me a river, never mind you already have.
I'm that dude that makes food in the middle of the night
i feel like a dude today
dude yes come
I can't wait to see you dude!!
Dude album is GREAT.
I'm a good dude, take pride in that
Tarantino is just another dude. If you be quiet, he might disappear.
Dude I was so go to this
Dude is going Ham! #shialabeouf #whoa #entertainment #justdoit
Best Halloween costumes ever
Dude really hot I'm tran fwt
To a David Brooks lover, I wouldn't be surprised. Seriously messed up dude. lol. OK, let's stop. Don't have time right now.
I liked a video from Shovel Knight - Dude Reviews
dude I'm sorry. I feel your pain though. The same happened to me on the contact lens test
stop trying dude. I'll find him cute even in his ugliest version
perks of dating me: bitch you're dating me
Early Bird get the worm everybody else get the leftovers #GetYoAssUp
dude same, playing it made me want to work harder at school?? even tho toby says not to play it before doing homework, whoops.
I hope they ship my dude!
Shit happens, dude!
Nobody fucks with ol' dude for the entire story until he gets his shit together and stops looking like a bum.
dude join I have invited!!
Why do this dude infront of me smell like pee!
Huge cock dude ... #Amateur #Blowjob #Cumshot #Amateur #xxx #sex #por
thanks dude. I'm hanging out with someone super cool there so I'm basically going to be like a tourist lol
This dude lytle real live got me pissed... rode my wood all day #GetLytleFired
Lol this dude
not cool dude, not cool lol
Mnet be like, we haven't finalized the lineup. Dude there's nk freaking lineup without BIGBANG
Every time I see this dude, I always assume that his the bad guy. I think he is one again but I hope not
Romad got scared the other night when I was mugging dude
Dude knows whats up... am I right fellas?!?!?! #cellection15b
love you alot dude
I\'m too late. They named an interim. Some dude already on the staff. With "experience" and "understanding of the rules."
"Idiot Wind" man. Dude was one vindictive poet.
who's the dude with the water fountain comin' out the top of his head? lol
they asked dude to give up the diamond and nigga said nah.
Never thought I'd see the day he'd retire. Gonna be weird seeing another dude on those sidelines.
I'm starving and dude wanna talk about feelings.....
dude that line up is sickkkkkkk
haha cool way to have fun during a long road but watch,we are waitin new videos about trainin arms dude,she will be watchin 2
lmao this dude is straight slumped in the hallway . I feel u man
dude I know it freaking sucks like no means no you freakin idiots
have fun dude i miss u
There's always that one old dude at da show that tries fighting all the kids and in turn gets his shit rocked it never f
hahahaha same goes go me dude
please tell me you have miles dude your always flying somewhere
Fault Lines: Lost in the System light skin dude is my cuz. check it out
It\'s almost like being a pasty white dude who likes having his characters say "nigger!" a lot is catching up with him.
aw dude @EAStarWars
Cudi is tha dude
If a dude walked up to me said he'd like to get to know me over a smothered burrito at Qdoba, I couldn't/wouldn't decline.
I hate seeing women with babies waiting at the bus stop and women pumping gas while there's a whole dude sitting in the passe
DUDE you look awesome
I just heard #IYAZ on 96.5AMP RADIO for the dude is back gonna be massive comrades!! #standupfor@iyazmusic!!
FOH , I knew it wasn't shit . Cause I never did shit bold to dude . Gtfo
Dude it actually makes me mad that people are like that
Dude owes me money and won't respond now, I really don't want to have to do anything but Idk what to do now
LIVE on #Periscope: #PeriscopePush Ladies:What is up with that Dude
This little Arabic dude has now called us all out our name, assaulted a cop and the bar manager but my 1 proactive step got a
keemstar always thinks he wins when he blocks them no lol you just are looking like a coward my dude
Hno one give a shhh about the report, Dude. Hno one but you.
you should be sure to wish that dude Happy #AdaLovelaceDay
Welcome to my world dude
for real that's not even a dude that's a girl acting like a guy. ..i just had to check her
dude I don't even like you
I hate moving dude it's the worst
That's great dude good luck for derusting ;)
its still on dude. Go check for yourself
Happy birthday to my dude @IRocksDPolo! Have a good one playboi!
it is!!! you still have a long way too go dude lol when is your due date?
why are they trying so hard to NOT put harry and louis in an interview together, theyre just bro pals dude mate lad, right??????? RIGhT????
That dude paid $50 to have a conversation w/the same chick who dropped her nudes for free...I ain't gotta talk to u if
WTF dude. Redbull on Cheerios ? Have you got a cast-iron stomach?
It's crazy how girls can not talk to a dude because of his height
Helped a dude get all of his M drive data back. Literally me rn
" Yazi lento etweet uNkulu iyangbasa cause some dude I was oonce friends with lie wathi wake washaya la kimi!"
If my daughter gonna have sex with a rapper I just ask that the dude have bars.
dude Idgaf if you hangout with them. It ain't like they have ever been there for me. You guys will make great friends.(:
In my head I\'m like "he\'s going to pay then get tossed up" dude breaks out a camera "and says fuck you pig. I\'m going pay then
dude. I wanna go lol.
YOU'RE A DUDE?! OuO
Just seen this dude Marcellus for the first time in a year and he got full grown dreads lol
NEW COMMISH CAPTAIN WHATEVER DUDE IS RUTHLESS I LOVE HIM
Dude can't vote at all #felonstatus #hemadeiggyathing
Dude didnt sign out of his twitter 3rd hour
This dude huck blasting hotline bling
#sexdiaries Jesus how much does this host/narrator dude sound like Louis Theroux?!
Wasn't WhatsApp like one dude and then when it got big he hired less than two dozen people?
i don't know, dude. zaman sekarang ni marriage is a scary thing. jangan naik turun court sudehhhhhh
But wish I had my own dude to chill with !!
When a dude try to argue with you about an argument you started I promise you I'm not listening , I'm just amused at that point
ICYMI: 'Dude, is that a Picasso on your wall?' Harvard students get chance to rent rare prints
ayy my dude thankyou
That dude is hot.
Andy Kaufman is alive and living in Mississippi.
Dame that 15 year dude die last night
dude she never does like wtf if I sent that to a guy I'd probably get a ring. It was a nice ASS picture.
nice dude nicee
So dude tries to pick a fight with other patrons, assaults someone on camera all types of stuff to get put out. We don't becau
will this vine turn into how i feel about that one where the dude punches the paper towels, i still laugh just thinking of it
This dude on right now talks so fast like he belongs on the show swamp ppl. Or he's from nawlins?
i love cm punk sooooo much dude
even though you're right in front of me happy birthday dude
Love my dude !!! So proud of all Jesus is doing in him. The man is tough as nails
Get your life together dude
Your girl can be loyal , but if ya homeboy tries her when you not around and she tells you then now you gotta fade dude to the max No trust
got a bf dude
Points to first frat dude who takes a protest dildo from a SJW man and beats him with it in front of SJW's friends.
yeah dude, I decided I'm still using Luigi and wanted to show ya that I'm still in there regardless of the nerfs :D.
I respect Dude for Wanting to Let his Ex Gf Kno His sexual Preference
airport my dude
The dude in my dream told me to wake up cuz I was gonna be late. And guess whut? I didnt listen
dude you're so cool. I'm proud of you!
I must be a dude, because I'm the same way. Pack, then play.
some Mexican dude just flipped me the bird for literally no reason. ok good morning sir
Speedy recovert dude
DUDE LETS GET THEM
Can any of the 3 niggas that dude identifies as vote? Clifford. TI. TIP. Any of them?
if you say so dude, let's do it
ME TOO DUDE.
dude I don't go to school on Friday
It all makes since now. This dude is one of those niggas who leaks nudes.
dude lets go again
This dude here lol a big baby
dude could not even comprehend what just happened
dude I been listening to music, u like that ole weird sucky shit tho.
Chose another company dude. Sprint is just as tricky. I have Tmobile and no complaints for 2 years
Dude got up!
This dude's real. I'm sorry.
just move on dude.. This "I\'m not getting played no more" act is fake since you been playing me the whole 3 years..
dude she had a pair I really like and I been looking for those sneakers
The only thing this dude was missing was a cape... So I gave him one. #NoFlyZone #OrangeCrush #BroncosCountry
I'm so in love... It's fucking crazy dude.
dude chill tf out
That dude paid $50 to have a conversation w/the same chick who dropped her nudes for free...I ain't gotta talk to u if u dropping free nudes
This dude at work keep on talking to me damn i wish he leave me the fuck alone! Im convinced hes the devil he gives me a fuckin headache!
I'm dead dude lolol
dude I don't even know you lol
T.I. wtf dude
my dude!! Likewise! See you soon! Stay blessed and off of rooftops lol
DUDE! Mee toooo. It might have taken me just a little longer because of the post lab. But the online stuff was done quickly
Shout out to this dude lol. His dad is the man.
dude, atleast 40
Duncan offered me $700 for my mac.... Lol yeah right dude
I'm so sorry I thought it was the people who use dude and bro when they speak :( :(
Put Some Work In W/ My Nigga He A Real Trill Dude We Made Some Crazy Shit
dude, cant stop listening. I need you to sing to me
Make a fool of yourself publicly, in 140 characters or less. #GiveTwitterASlogan
its right at the beginning dude its weird af
God fucking damnit dude, almost landed myself into
As someone whose mother died of breast cancer, fuuuuuuuuuuck #NoBraDay. By all means, take cute selfies. But don't pre
Dude you also haven't had chicken poxIM SO SCARED
My dude wasn't too nice back in the day
dude I can't wait till your older your gonna be so cool
DUDE that sounds so sick!
dude just fuck off
not until mid January dude , I'll skip LAN go see carnage in ABQ
happy birthday dude !! @adrianswaggod
Happy birthday to one of the coolest person I know happy birthday dude hope your day is as awesome as you are -love you
i never have pills dude
Just watched a dude wipe out on a long board down on the uwf nature trail had to keep myself from busting out laughixng
What's that dude name that fake raps n jump into the crowd like he done really said something Yewulu Tessema
Dude stop trying to act cool
This dude throwing shade about my essay
DUDE IM CRYING
dude... who cares!!!
lol dude we were having a convo and I thought he was Tryna be funny until he started drooling
It was nice seeing you too dude
Dude I just wanna go back to sleep and count sheep
Dude didn't I tell you? You are me
"if you\'re kissing someone and open your eyes and see them staring at you" "like dude close your eyes" I\'m dead asf
i see haha the dude with horrible blonde 5:5 right? when exid was promoting in april he was chatting with LE too
MY DUDE WAS JUST TRYNA TAKE A POOP
Huge cock dude ... #Amateur #Blowjob #Cumshot #Amateur #xxx #sex #porn #nsfw
Happy birthday to that dude one of my best friends miss you man, I'll see you soon
Couldn't agree more. I'm a bad Christian serving a perfect Christ.
Bruh this shit ridiculous
This kid is so passive it's like dude don't you worry I got a one track mind
Do it like a brother, Do it like a dude !!
dude *
aw thanks dude
A lot of dudes sitting back waiting on Joe Biden to run just to have a dude to vote for
Suck it in! Fine black dude with #Gaydaddy during #smoke break #Ebony #NSFW
invite Tom Brady's personal Life Coach #AlexGuerrero on the show. Very interesting dude with controversial supplement regimen
What a joke dude. My mom is the problem, not me or my dad.
Dude really just bust his ass to write on the white board
People need to know how to just get over shit it gets old dude.
I'm stupid bcs I believe tht you truly sincere towards me, but it just for temporary. And now its hurt me dude haha nvm
Little Squirt is ready for a family to call his own! Just 3 months old, this little dude is a typical puppy who...
#Asian,#ChinesePorn,#Teen,#Mom,#Sexy: Kinky And Sexy Young Bitch Tries To Attract Her Dude
This dude is wearing this boxers backwards
nah , that dude is virgin for life
Where dude going ?
Walked out of the house this morning to go to class and this dude was in the street lol
Omg I'm hyped af dude :D
sure thing dude
I miss so much. Good dude who backs my band so hard. Thanks for all the support. You a real homie
you got a music studio in your home. Great dude !
In a training class with one other dude and 6 girls, they've been talking about wedding dresses for 20 minutes. Kill me, please.
The Owler community added a new company profile: . Available here:
it took me forever to wake up this morning dude
Dude i LOVE waking up to my daughter every morning. She is hilarious! She calls sour cream, cow cream.
plus Vick is my dude
"You don\'t get hurt by it any more because that hurt is just scar tissue now.." - is the realist dude I know
dude, i need a week where I can just get away. no phone or social media, just escape everything and not have anything to
Congrats dude :] awesome progress!
Finally home from my trip ( lil dude's swim lesson) AND THERE IS A PACKAGE OF BRITT CLOTHES SO SEE YOU GUYS LATER
#GiveTwitterASlogan come on guys...
Even if I don't know the girl if I see a dude put his hands on a woman, he has to get beat down.
THAT #GENERAL_TY IS A BAD DUDE ,,,, he will really SILVER_BACK kick ya ass LOL
this dude needs serious help
dude you don't need to keep digging you struck oil already
So pumped for this dude (Alexey, not the police man) on his jump up to the World Tour! We'll
damn dude be blowin, thats officially his song now Lol
this dude name and picture I'm done
your gay dude
goodmorning texts can make your day dude
totally kewl Dude! Wish I coulda been 1 of the lucky
I haven't figured out who this blonde dude is
If a chick laugh at your tweets the dude she messing with try to come follow you to see what's so funny lmao
"U cannot distinguish us without these Sunglasses ..Dude!! " #Twins #inseparable #AJCaptionContest
hey dude I dont want any new song to listen!!!
i dont get the point of going to school anymore like dude i've alr gotten my results and shit just let us have our holidays alr ?????
I feel ya dude. Same
Dude doesn't age one bit
Nah, the one that came out in 1999. Dude from the Wu said he really smashed in the park.
Dude the DBZ intros are GODLY
Le'Veon Bell is no small dude...to be able to cut and move like that is impressive! His running is a thing of beauty!
oh he's the dude who still has a show on CNN.
Dude, you're turning into a grumpy old man. You're attacking people who are trying to make life choices at a very young age.
I still have yet to email the dude to ask if I can audition for GE:')
oh god man dude whyy did you show me this
And I do appreciate how lazy Ein's is. Didn't even include the scratches, he's just naked. Big naked dude.
I hope so too. Xx
FIGHT!!!! but my dude lost :/ ^Green Arrow^
And any dude wit u he better be a kin to u now... I ain't jealous its the principle now.
dude good ass times tbh
Mr Stanley is sooooo funny dude.
fuck yeah, dude!
I just go online to say things and make sure they're correct. No, wait, I'm a dude, nobody corrects me except about Superman.
its AMAING DUDE
or her main dude got some on right now lol
This Dude is Fiya! Gotta grab this single today! #KEEMUSICGROUP #educator #Nephew4Life
this dude said "you can scream in here but I\'ll kill you online"
kids decide between helping the homeless or ice cream
its been a great ride dude, really enjoyed PB over the years. All the best with your next adventures
dude why would sign an old generic luchador mask? That just seems weird.....
yo dude you can always text me if you need to
A lucky dude gets both model and Bher best friends
dude you're fucking killing Twitter lately. #hilarious
happy birthday to my guy been through a lot with this dude but have a good one homie see you soon
Aka lol hope it's been a good 21st so far my dude!
I Need A Shoutout
Dude, need email to send intro to you DM me
Dude, is Getting (Buying) an #EMC and Deal #datacenter #cloudcomputing #storage
Omg dude, I'm at my limits already
Nothing worse than having a chick that EVERY dude feels like he has a chance with her
God damn dude ... I hope you go. I'd love to see you on LAN!!
why they roll up on the dude with the ice gun and let him get away, this shit rated G.
So we got a Black dude that only knows he's black from a family scandal 2 months ago and Edward fucking Snowden lover.
hi dude, how's things?
Dude that lives above me is blasting chamillionaire. I hope his day gets better.
Dude you must need more followers. Horrible interview @damonbenning
yoo happy birthday you crazy motherfucker, enjoy that shit dude, mad love
This Chad dude went school at qc?
Sorry 2 say dude but you're one of the dumbest liberals I've met here that's saying a lot. Gonna have 2 block your BS now.
Seriously? We're talking about how much of a problem ISIS is this dude just came up with -: America should send the AVENGERS to quash them
Like WOW YES that dude is such a sag and of course she's a Pisces WOWOWOWOWOW
Dude that holds the umbrella for K on WASP is the biggest dickhead. Trying to sell her out for pap photos when he's supposed to protect her.
Happy 18th dude!!!!!! Now you can smash heat sticks in your Saab with the parking lot kids legally! Have a great day
Smoking big 50's, doing big in big cities
He is better off. So I once met this handsome dude that saved his mother\'s name as "My Mummy "
#Granny,#Mature,#Milf,#Old,#GrannyGlasses: Alluring Babes Carmen Calway And Cali Hayes Fuck One Lucky Dude
So many fucking tweets dude
Saw a dude walk by with Chick fila...guess 9:19 isn't too early #byui
Ladies, don\'t be all about feminism then start threatening and punching a dude and expect them to not to hit you back b/c "you\'r
HAPPY BIHDAY TO MY BESTFRIEND i hope you like your gift and have a great day luh you lots dude
so have anime. star wars is just the bible dude *skateboards into a trash can*
dude forreal us every Sunday
I'm ready im too weak you stupid dude
Exactly. I heard a dude complaining about how the top tube on his new bike was all scratched up "due to the mud."
dude what's up?
Lol...that's dude's steez. Same way Jay will tell you he's richer then you 20 times by the time you get to track 2.
never trust niggas around ya girl , no matter if dude your day 1 ... Don't do it
"Dude you sound like a man are you okay?!"
This little Arabic dude has now called us all out our name, assaulted a cop and the bar manager but my 1 proactive step got a taser ready.
hahaha i didnt take my medicine today, im letting ALLLLL my anger out on this bitch. im crrazzyy dude
there are maybe 10 people that know that brand in my school and only one dude has one
looks like the type of dude to kiss his nieces on the mouth
oh yeah sorry dude just wanted to carry you outside *he said as he putted you down on a chair*
Our dude!!
fuck you dude I was just kidding
# Diana Doll And Elaina Raye Hot Threeway...
Dude I just passed this ish
the cute ones being will and the dude who had grey blonde hair at some point
Dude keep hitting me up I have a boyfriend child
Hahahaha dude I'm going to think of that every time I eat it haha. Love you!! Can't wait to see you later:-)
Dude just lost it
you sound like a league 1 club that's just beaten a premier league team. Get over it
It's very important to me that my first born is my dude's first born
I live in Greece dude ..
damn dude. ouch. I think that if I see/hear #NewDay today that people in my immediate vicinity may be frightened
okay dude. :/ you're stil taking a nap though
This cute dude just retweet me
My nigga back on the same side in these streets mobbing I can't take dude
24??? That's a LOT! But i'll watch them all dude!
T.I. is the same dude that wanted to fight another man for taking a picture with his wife. and he's calling women rash/emotional.
Free my baby it's his birthday free my dude
No tiendo como TU no tienes novia You dont know me dude.
Imagine standing in a arena where everyone is screaming louder to be overheard and noticed by the dude next to you #GiveTwitterASlogan
oh shit dude sorry , that's so cool seriously you're GOALS I CANT
Retweeted Pastor John P Kee (@Keetwit): This Dude is Fiya! Gotta grab this single today!...
still will get time to this..awesome and my pressure dude #respect
Happy 18th dude!!!!!! Now you can smash heat sticks in your Saab with the parking lot kids legally! Have a great day @shuashields
dude, why the hell am I so stubborn lol
dude thats so small :O
My dude looks awesome in his profile picture tho #nohomo
finna flame you dude
Women want a dude to put with her bitching and complaining but don't want to put up with his cheating
No one scares me more than Michael Myers, fuck that dude.
a dude expose a chick in the same manner he a "bitch" lmao this shit kicks to me lmao and dudes call him a bitch Tryna impress Twitter fes
School sucks dude lol
My started growling n class n this dude next to me looked at me crazy af
yeah dude I would be pissed if someone did that to my jeep
dude pls do it lol
Lmao dude
dude fuck you, and you
Such beauty...
happy birthday dude go crazy
haha dude I had a blast
Shit .. I'm probably the healthiest dude yah know at 20
Out with Larry Fitzgerald today -- what a kewl ass dude
I'm just saying dude thinks he's doing it. Post on the block all day making snaps of how he's getting it
I\'m so upset, I\'m here crying and the dude mowing the lawns is trying to comfort me like "no it\'s alright it could\'ve happened to anyone"
dude the accuracy of this is scary
yes dude I couldn't breathe and that made me want to throw up!
F off dude, she's like 14
who that big ass dude in the background wtf
Dude s/o to me for even being alive rn hahahaha
totally kewl Dude!!! Wish I coulda been 1 of the lucky
its either my lesbian side acting up bc u have taeyeon as a face and no longer a dude
Wtf is wrong with this dude
Just applied to college...where has the time gone dude
Yo I remember when I was like 10, jerry woke me up at 3am and was like "yo, you want a cracker?" This dude was munching
I feel bad when I see my friends stressing over a dude. If he can't straighten up then he isn't for you.
#rt my stuff so ik it's real lol. Those favs make me a Twitter side dude
dude, it's Tuesday... Like, why? I gotta work in the morning lol
Dude British people....eating a burger with a fork and knife
I was a cold dude now it's time to get back to my ways.
Lil Dude - Lil Dude Luciano (Prod. By SpizzleDoe) by Lil Dude DDB
Katie ur so young lol I promise you there is so much potential everywhere dude were about to move to a college town?? HELLO
I'm down join the combine with me dude
Dude tell me why I bought a selfie stick from the 2 4 5's while getting tacos
She got a dude on her hip waiting for me to mess up
how do u know that she is not tweaking and showing boobs to her husband every night. Dude the woman has 6 children.
Nah, fuck this article. BIGBANG is not necessarily "nearing the end of its reign." K-pop doesn\'t work like Wes
Oh please just be humble read dude. The chapter will tell u of about 120 disciples and also mentions their genders. @josephmay23
I mean this also came from the dude who thought giving us Iggy was a magnificent contribution to society soooo \\_()_/\xee
The gay dude?
Scolded for too much WhatsApp, Facebook, woman commits suicide. Read full story on app
dude Aeezus risky AF, she's scary ass hell, she YOLO to much
Fucking hell this dude smell so bad I literally had to get up from my seat, first time in my whole entire life
Your passions are running the show today, making you feel less... More for Gemini
Emmm, is that Buruji Kashamu that I saw in the chambers? I tot Dude's election have been nolified?
dude, I'm gonna be on the prowl for this mag hahaha
THEY'RE ALL LYING SHE'S FUCKING HIDEOUS DUDE
Damn dude, that's pretty amazing :D
Dude! Awesome!
shit dude idk if I could get all the time off
far from ran through though? You keep acting like you know so much about me when you know nothing dude
10 Times Pedro Martinez Was the Baddest Dude Ever
Thankkk u so much dude
This dude is the most blowed rn
haha my dude mustapha, appreciate it homie
i would put you on blast dude but youre not even worth the TL
Oh man Haha I am so happy to An Arab dude haha
Dude really think he kno me ,...
Can't take political advice from a dude that ran up on the Pound for Pound best boxer out right now looking for a fist fig
OJ would like to thank you for his signed photo what you did him after #SummerExplosion. Cheers dude
ah I'm so anxious! Dude they are fucking draggin ass tryna get Abel back. Like this whole situation is so dragged out lol
Alright dude. I care about you and stuff. :)
hold up, I'm taller than you dude
It's not fun dude
ill do it dude
oh dude I love sportsball I hope my favorite group scores all the goal units!
agreed, dude. You really have some potential.
Dude. Dont wait any longer. That book is legit creepy.
Ugh my brain cells. Come on dude...work
Like dude, I would never hit up a girl I use to mess with and be like I know that new dude can't make u feel like I use too lmaoo C'mon son.
When you finally find the dude that's been commenting on your girls pics
First of all obviously he's wrong and second, why the fuck would he say anything? Dude's a loser.
dude, watcha doin?
How could he have dude wait but yet wont let him out his contract? Makes no sence??
same here dude!
Hey dude congrats for you label I want to be parte of this crear family #FonkRec
Swear your so disrespectful dude
dude you hypnotized my baby in the car, it was NOT yet naptime. now shes crying in her crib. please play "street
#np "When Will I Win" - Devin The Dude
dude like I'm gasping for air
ur eyes ripped dude-_-
Yall come through oct 17th!! Yall for sure Finna be turnt like this lil dude! #LitOnTheBayou #JustWaitOnIt
The Rocks Workout Routine Looks Like The Most Intense Sh*t Ever #therock via yeah dude is my idol lol
#JumlaWriterChetanBhagat Dude you are a pathetic writer so dint comment anyone who writes sensibly.
OH MY DUDE UGH
Woah dude
dude Devin can spit bars
Wow dude where is this song lolol
Dude who is this I've been trying to find this girl forever
yeah it was big news here in Austin. Scary stuff dude attacked the guy at random
When a female expose a dude women band together and be like "yeah that\'s right for that no good nigga" every time
Like dang GiGi! AND she made an apply cobbler. Like dude it's 9 am
By the time I'm 40 I'm trying to be the healthiest dude you know
My professor is like a young Bob Ross dude, it's pretty cool!
Dude no ur crazy
Bad dude
A dude tried to talk to me on the subway this A.M. was like "I\'m an uptown boy with soho flavor"
Leonard Fournette LSU RB that dude is a dawg
says the most pilt dude most of the time lol
Thanks for the support man! Hope you're well dude
i know dude it can be a struggle
GOAT forsure dude. Hate that guy lmao
I know it was a muscular dude for sure.
no it was a dude
IM BOUT TO SPAZZ TF OUT DUDE
are ya okay dude?
lmfao dude stfu you have boobs and a butt and you know it
dude Ima back to my old self on sc sad af . Ain't tryna eat fr lowkey crying
dude why we will go hard af for you! Pittsburgh is lit.
his 106 and Park appearance was the last I could stomach of his Im a white dude who loves black culture schtick.
And when it comes to insane/embarrassing descriptions of your political foes, this dude is indeed an expert
To all my 97.1 The Ticket listeners out there...am I the only one that can't stand the dude talking in the Mother Waddles commercial? Lol
#creative #Frisco #fathersday #dude The #oldest #best #kept #mind control secret: Hot Button Product, Fast Seller
Dude's blunt rude af. Deserves a good slapping. Broke his ankle claimed 'we're in the same boat'
Boy or girl, I\'m gonna call you "dude" either way.
I'm so sleepy dude
invite Tom Brady's personal life coach #AlexGuerrero on the show. Very interesting dude
I can't take any dude out here seriously they're all liars
today sucks ass dude
Cant seem to get warm
Dude your like 38. Grow up.
nah dude that guy is a straight drama queen i only follow him to see people talking shit to him he is a bitch boy
First shout out is for my second most active follower, and a funny dude please go show him some love!!!
dude I miss @erynn_erynn
BTTV emotes dude. do they show up on mobile? I thought they didn't...
That was sick dude. You we're like Neo or Lucy. Engineered with super abilities. But... Why? #Phenomenal
Yall ladies need to get with a dude that can cook.. Stop messing with these niggs that buying you Whataburger/MckyDs all th
Happy birthday to my dude #majesticAF
Dude, GOOD answer!!
There's a dude walking really closely behind me and he's whistling. I feel like I'm about to get murdered
probably not, dude was in his 40s. Still liked it tho lol
This dude denying his own child. TF? #BaseChat
dude thats really friggin good
um dude pretty sure thats you
Their was a train conductor on the other end of the train with his head out and he didn't do anything. Thanks dude!
lol oh my gosh it's the SAME GUY as the snow dude
Can't pass up good deals dude
happy birthday to my dude !
We need to keep Bersin active and use him. Dude has great hands... just no return duty.
That awk moment when Thorne Pickens thinks he's cool black smokes me at a redlight. Dude, u drive a Ford @dalton_crow
Listen to my brothers sound cloud. Dude is killing it right out of his bedroom #mountains #shock
dude they'll damn near plug us lmao
Dude I don't be feeling like dressing up anymore!
dude if his arm wasn't their and his knee was down, it wouldn't have been a touch down...
I never considered myself the sort of guy who's easily hurt or offended. Although I'm not the macho-type, the dude who watches football
TI deciding someone is irrational is like me criticizing someone for hating everything. like, "irrational" is your brand
Obama seems like a cool ass dude
Ironic that viewers/voters who say they want Wash to fix things, have no interest in actual policies to do just that.
yea I guess I can see that. I just don't think every vertically challenged dude is out here feeling less masculine from it
I think it's really ridiculous how females put their hands on males and no one thinks anything of it and the moment a dude swings back every
What is this dude talking about :/?
I thought i read that title wrong first but nope... Dude was just out there waiting to chop someone up
dude I do the same thing sometimes
Some women just can't admit they demand to much from a dude when it comes to $$$ so they'd much rather not be around them.
if you can make me sound more like a dude they'll be seeing us on top
dude now you can drag people on your bike to get speed and clear fatass gaps
ordered 100k coins still waiting 7 days later. What's the deal dude?
dude it's not much but if you let me know about your symptoms i can always ask cindy as well and see what she thinks, too
Just witnessed a state trooper knocking some dude out on the side of the interstate. Day is made
" Dude!! Give up on relationships man
hopefully there will be a link!
Nah. He's just one black dude. Don't group us altogether
The Dude abides.
Man that dude is just not good, sorry Yall have to listen to that for ones that do
Oh hell no.. Rasheeda is fighting wth her man.. This dude is saying she's f'n around?wat the hell is he on abt #basechat
I swear every time I see papa around I just knew I was going to laugh that dude was so funny.
Dude said it\'s cheaper to hang with your friends than your girl and all the girls said "gay". That\'s all yall think abo
dude you really need to accept everything to the fullest and live in the Now
I can sit in an area with a dude and smoke without fucking or doing anything sexual
dude what the heck that's so cool
hell yeah, I see every girl hate this dude
the aggressive martian dude and his green dog chasing the beep beep chicken #pixel_dailies #pixelart
So this ol' biker dude that I was told would be my boss when I came to
So people really needta gtf out my life fr dude
if i have to hear another str8 dude say "the gays" one more time.....
dude what the hell happened to you!
Just spent my rent money on the Clariphonic by Kush Audio can't wait to use this thing on mixes. Great podcast too dude
dude nomes, you gotta go to acl or just some music festival it's soooo amazing you meet so many new people
he coulda atleast tried damn soft ass dude
have you ever seen that video of the dude stressed as the grinch in that yoga class screaming? That's how I feel.
oHh coME ON DUDE HOW CAN YOU CHOOSE JUNHOE THAN YOUR BANDMATES
dude he didn't go for the bag
!!!! this you all the way dude
Fidel just woke me up ti ask if he looked good ,like dude theres a mirror
There's a dude riding one of those hover boards and I can't stop starting because he's literally floating to class.
Same dude... same
Exactly. He always is. That's why I'm wondering why he doesn't just do more stuff. The dude's never done a bad movie/show.
Like I'm not gonna cape for dude, but if I go to the playboy mansion.. I'm gonna assume, everyone there is with le shits (a
[teaching a parrot to rollerblade] Parrot: dude we don't usually do this Me: you're gettin it tho Parrot [squawks]: o shi
Thx dude. At this point, just focused on getting home :-)
Rogan retired that dude lmao
My prof texted me this morning to keep the class from leaving class today cause he's running late. How this dude get my # tho
happy birthday dude thanks for letting us cut in line w yall at the fair lmao
dude was really stuck
I saw a dude on a razor scooter today, if that counts
That's epic dude! Thanks! :D
don't bother dude, honestly it's not even worth giving it attention. you're way better than this bullshit
FAM SPREAD THE WORD THIS DUDE CHANGES HIS @\'s AND GOES BY "TOMMY" HE SELLS FAKE JINGLE BALL TICKETS WATCH OUT
I gotta find it lol it was on Facebook.. I think dude went to Firestone
it's not Dave. It's a dude that went crazy on me a while back (and my son which made me go psychotic). Everyone shut'em down
I've had my head so far up my ass, I didn't even realize one of my friends, Zoe Colegrove, took her own life. fucking RIP, u were cool dude.
wait are you saying you sent yourself flowers? Or did some other dude send you flowers haha
Happy birthday to my dude. hope your day is wild. Stay coolin
tell that tiny dude to fix his paypal so he can get his winngings
This lil dude is on one today!!! #oneofthosedays
"Dude...that shit will not get any hotter unless we flambee the fucker and you serve it on fire. Lucifer doesnt eat food that hot"
dude I didn't even know u had a girl who was pregnant, congrats buddy! #changesurlife
Nothing much, dude
The Wim Hof Method. This dude is badass!
do u ever have to leave a certain space cause you're left alone with a creepy dude n ur afraid he might rape u?
dude I made a Michigan football website for a class the other day and saw that name and said "who the fuck is Kenny Sloss?"
coffee dude strikes again. WHY CAN'T HE JUST TAKE A HINT AND LEAVE ME THE FUCK ALONE
dude Wisconsin was so fun
DUDE. Jealous!
thank you!!! Dude is a clown. Destroying our program before he leaves to be AD of Wisconsin. Brilliant. Can't stand him.
Earn earn earn more an more on dis link dude.
dude, I love making that shit. You have good taste.
This guy in the cafeteria is literally planning his next Pokemon battle against some dude. I'm just gonna slowly leave
if you, as a dude, don't see violence discrimination against women, as a dude, it must not be happening?
this dude talks out both sides of his neck. Total opposite of what he said Saturday. SMDH
Y\'all see that as a blessing tho bc you have "Jesus." That\'s fine. Go ahead. Worship the dude. But don\'t expect us all to l
This sleepy dude #cat #catson #meow #purr #pets
Lunch with this dude snappygabs at @cassellsburger. They make the best #homemadeveggieburger .
"Febaring now the child must suffer nx dude"
that dude ain't gone do shit, just wanna act like he bout something.
I'm hungry dude
Sweet! Dude!
Lauren was being lectured on feminism by a 19 year old dude on Tinder chat.
This dude has a real hard-on for you Danny.
holy shit... Last time I saw her she was in diapers. I miss you dude
dude... Ive been back longer than a year
my gps likes to think I'm always in Huntsville. wayyyy off dude
Dude, I am going to fucking kill you.... -___-
Girls will fuck a dude in a relationship then cry about how "niggas aren\'t loyal" BYE.
its not about you , men. It's about women finally creating and honing the unity. solidarity. that you as a dude can't shake
I'm subscribed to the dude his name started with an F I think. Dude let him have it.
Dude man you're a dude man
Dude it would be a blessing if I woke up to a follow from
have you seen the documentary about this on Netflix? Dude cries on it.
This dude is 74 on Maury and we bout to see if he the father he don't even know wtf is going on
Stealing my artwork and claiming it as your own. Not on dude, not on.
I've seriously no words to describe this #NusratFatehAliKhan the legend dude god give us this dude back
damn dude... That sucks I feel your pain lol
Dude just got selfie sticked.
they all respect me too much
My dude put me through a hell of a workout today
i always got u my dude
Oh C'mon dude! He is a Gem for BJP and drowning Messiah of Congress!
hey, dude. Getting the word out my friend. Hope all is well Jeremy.
Hanging out with this dude Jack Jones TV ;)
Dude you're just butt hurt that I realized what's best for me
Jeez... The Dude next to me is eating like a rabid dog. Nothing to do with hunger more a case of performance art.....
I hate going on holiday with family everyone stresses so much like DUDE CALM DOWN BEFORE U HAVE A FUCKING STROKE
@IAMSU. Dude this guy knows!
Hai dude, still doesn't give the guy the right to rape her.
wt up kidd my dude#madrespect
HE'S SO GOOD but a tiny dude in real life Oh my gosh
dont make me look stupid dude
Cause he real af This dude walked into the drug testing place wearing these. Like why?
Colin Bray physical, athletic dude. Flashes above avg bat speed; some length in there, hands quick to though long time to get on plane
dude same ! I can actually spoil them !
MY DUDE DROPPED SO FAST IT LOOKED LIKE HE GOT HIT WITH A TELEPOATION PILLOW LMAO I'M DEAD
easier said than done, i was a street dude before I was anything else. Its hard to look past dudes trying to tear you down!!
I miss you too dude!! So is Cassie going to replace Kano?!
she wants the dude that doesn't want her and so the world turns
yo that dude is a fucking monster. HOW CAN ANYONE ACTUALLY BE THIS INTENSE ABOUT THIS?
dude. its a prerecorded video being looped
Dude drives down the street at PAC, blasting the explicit version of often. Lemme tell ya I've never seen a douchebag any
Had to tell the homegirl if she goes on a date dude sits with his back to the door, go ahead and leave. He won't prote
dude, you ask me for my information to end up doing nothing.. And send a guy to tell me everything is working great..
I hope everything this dude enjoys is somehow ruined by video games for the rest of his dipshit life.
this dude is scum I wish I would've addressed it when he texted me that. I could've ended this this is my fault, FUCK
lol it's hard to believe that dude us still alive
Theres a hacker on the loose, he may hack your IP address, or even proxy dude!
sorry dude, perhaps next year.
damn.. this dude really made NBC thank you for the opportunity!
Dude I cannot fucking DEAAALL
don't feed the trolls, this dude probably giddy that you've even acknowledged his existence.
There's this American dude in my school helping English teachers and omg he's one of the hottest people I've ever seen
About To Go Home Wait On Dude To Pull Up, Try To Argue w Me, Den Eventually Take Me To Get Food.
Dude, when Mitch and I went to Fenway...it was such a beautiful place. But while in Comerica Park, you always feel on edge.
Two gorgeous asian #trannies get fucked by one lucky skinny asian dude
OMG SCORE FOR NYGMA THO CONGRATS DUDE
no dude gotta whole girlfriend!
what a cool ass dude
"You look interesting to us Dude!! Wanna play with us?? !!.........!!
If tinder can't help you find the cute dude on your plane what's the point
thanks dude! Old yet very true story... can't seem to let that joke die, try as I might... haha
small shows then dude!!! Congrats
This dude in the cafe was like "the only bars I drop are candy bars"
Yall Outta Line And Yall Really Don't Care About These Players Personal Life LET THAT DUDE HONOR HIS MOTHER Yall Pathetic Ass Ppl
What the heck dude
Yeah dude np, thank you for also
If you're a man who has at least one other dude blocked on social media, you're a bitch!
Ron holy fuck man I know I told you this that night at the party but dude you're goin places my dude. Gimm
#sex,#hot,#teen,#nsfw,#porn,#milf: Diana Doll And Elaina Raye Hot Threeway With A Horny Dude
oh my g o d i mean tru but dude why this
Yeah they were. European countries have had women Heads of state for years now, and the only pres. to set off a nuke w
fml dude (:
The dude is being a complete ass. He says "I don\'t care" when you show him facts. Dude is a fucking tool.
I noticed a homeless man outside. Decided to get him something during lunch asked if he\'d like it.. This dude gone say "what is it?"
DUDE ONE OF MY NEW FRIENDS IS GOING TO GO TO NY AND SEE BOOK OF MORMON ON BROADWAY IM SO
This dude said feels amazing outside and hadn't even left the bed lmao
Lmaoooooo dude Twitter is funny
Yeaaa he's not a very likable dude
. I'm a lucky dude!! ThrowBack to the beginning, #AnsloGarrick Pt1 S1 #BTS :
i was on a show this past year w the dude that won last comic standing so really anything is a credit if you try hard enough
dude it's Tuesday!
Hey if Fox had room for Pete Rose there is always room for you lol. dude wore white loafers yesterday on TV
I'm restless
uhh dude. I think that's a public bathroom lol
F off dude
dude keeps face timing me after I told him yesterday, I won't answer it ever
Hope your birthday went well dude!! Best wishes
Good girls take 6-12 months to move on. Only hoes jump from dude to dude. Don't argue with me this is science.
This dude said I have 20/20 vision , I know that's a lie , I can't see shit bro
Just saw some dude I use to work with at UPS like 10 years ago cool white boy !!!!
Dude bros on twitter: I like a girl who can hold a serious conversation Women: Serious convo Dude bro: Lol when is funny twi
Ladies if u go somewhere wit your man. You don't need to be hugging and giggling on every dude that see you. Wave, side hug kee
Omnigamer777 from deviantart is the best. He gave me the gift of the megaman 7... a truely good dude.
dude this woman
- worried I think the gun would take the new dude out and what the hell I was looking for some shit to get into. I needed to get away from -
Damn dude, your mama is destroyed
yeah i have dude!! thats basically how my dream felt/ how it looked. it was just dark as hell hahah
He was a one cool dude :O)
just bored dude and tomorrow is our meeting
that was the dude suppose to bring you s burger?
He'll prob get robbed by a dude w/ his finger under his jacket saying he has a gun. That's a thing that happened last month
But Dej Loaf dresses like a full on dude Bruh. Her future nigga gotta compete outfits with her B. That's weird
dude is such a headass for this.
- promise not to let him touch me I'll come, but he's kind of an odd dude. Especially with that master shit. {Cocking my head, a smirk -
I'm happy me my dude smoke I know how to cook cause baby we be loaded
dude. stop.
you'd have to be insane not to my dude..handle it..
- {I try to make light of the situation but this other dude was kinda creepy, and I wasn't sure I liked his hands on me.} If you can -
Wow dude, if you're this tough online I can only imagine how bad ass you are on the phone.
dime sacks for the $5? eighths for the $35? this dude is too great &lt;3
going through a former friends twitter: what the fuck happened to your hair, dude???
#BlackGonzoBig #Butt A dude could loose his di...
HOW IS THIS DUDE IN OFFICE?
Worldwide. My dude, CJ got featured because of his Articulated Comic Book Art! Peep the article!
like when Obama was elected like it was a basketball game "fuck it I got the black dude"
then don't worry da someone will sue you soon enough and then you'll know who took the photo :D
dude you are the best man
#itendtogetangrywhen a 12 year old beats me on XBox and says, "You\'re pretty good for an old dude."
dude just fuck them in the ass
Of course dude :), I only got to watch the main video, but I'll check the others out soon as I get a chan
dude I could cry
killarmy suffer from all the same problems as sunz of man imo bar that one dude. but hes always on songs w the other dudes
Dude on the phone: "let me call you back in a sec I\'m gonna get a quickie" What.
dude I scared myself
Salute to my dude for coming through to rock the spot with us last night at @mom_la!
I just like chillin w the homie, i don't need to smoke
wait dude same like I genuinely love it..it's so hilarious to see
LMAO DUDE YOU ARE A LEGEND, next pic of you oiled up getting it from your bros? Need some good spank material
Fuck the NFL and Roger Goodell. Let the dude honor his late mom even if he is a Pittsburgh Steeler.
Been telling yall lame ass dudes been claiming that "nice guys finish last" bullshit. No dude, youre just wack.
Bruh if this Caitlyn Jenner bitch wants to deadass be called Bruce again and not be a woman anymore ima flip dude is stupid as fuck fureal
When a homeless dude w new air Jordan's and an iPhone 6, hits you up for money on the 16th st mall. #thatsDenver
Photo: CONTRIBUTOR ALE Thanks Aladdin for your donation you rock dude! Much love and support...
I\'d love a big, red "BUT WAIT, DON\'T INTERRUPT THIS DUDE\'S TIME OFF" message before I interrupt some dude\'s time off
u suck at life dude
what's up dude?
Dude I Need A Music App For IPhone
Dude passed by and guys were looking at magazines, reading books, rushing to starbucks.. I'm the only one who was maitho..
fuck you dude. I grew up in Fed Hill had colts season tickets. You're an asshat a horrible writer. #RavensGuySpeaks
dude, hope you're talking about playing with yourself and not college.
sorry dude shit is going on
dude im out of reaction photos I deleted them all yesterday
Love it dude!!
Halfway into dog soldiers, this guy is asking "you cant seriously believe in werewolves" dude... they... you... what?
dude that looks like a dildo
Happy Birthday to my dude we started this shit together. #NavalService #gonavy
you meant to mention me Lolol. That's hilarious. That dude was salty
. will you please bless the man and get him unsuspended.. Dude was just chillin
lmfao dude I miss big e so much
Imagine the pump fake this dude gave him
*calls u dude babe in the same sentence*
Just saw a dude at Iup wearing a Kobe Bryant lower Merion jersey. Mad props!
I wonder what my dog named me.
Thats bad,this dude ws sure its not his son...this woman has secret@bhelomlambo
Happy 17th birthday to the dude that's been there through it all. You've
the Bible is also filled with nonsense and I don't see you freaking out on every Christian. Get a grip dude.
dude: women don't know why they do it. I'm dying to know. Me: I'll ask my dad. We'll get to the bottom of this.
bro. I am famous
Thoughts and prayers to the Rossington family. Gary had a heart attack. Get well brother. Skynyrd Nation needs ya!!
Welcome and enjoy the game!:
Holy shit dude 350k subs already! :o
drinking 1 myself dude. Not bad at all!
lol seriously dude been thinking about this line up all morning. Let's just fly over there real quick
KC is the dude to come to for ear issues, for sure.
hey dude i hope there is "Without You (The Rebirth)" in your playlist for #DWP15 thanks before, Dilly
when I find me a dude
it\'s the dude "Unsalted" that I was playing with on Sunday ! Lol
Lmfaooo that's funny dude .
If dude don't come in the next 5-10 mins , I'm leaving
I just want one dude ! Not all these irrelevant individuals , trying to win a spot .
#FridaysFam cat believe its been a year that weve known eachother, i consider you my brother and we neeeed to chill soon dude
Man this gets me so mad when a dude try's to do this
Can't wait to be that old dude on the court with the slick passes and no defense.
That piece is fucking disgusting. White western cishet dude gaze treating intersex brown folk like freaks
Colleague: *looks at my photo* dude, u run? Me: what makes u say that? He: your legs. M: I wanted to hear this ever since m
This dude has been playing the same song four times in a row now.. I can hear the song very clear I might add
"Idk, [the author] has some African influences." Probably bc he was born, raised, and continues to live in Nigeria dude lmao
the dude that runs the site with different account, I guess
HAHAHAHAHA Alex got mad at me so her insult was "ur like a lesbian dude" I\'m dying
Miss that dude @Jakeo935
ya i like the raptors too. great article on jeremy grant dude.
Dude, bless you. :)
dude what happened
The little dude has no quit in him
dude there you go, some Chat Noir worship XD
man fuck this shit dude i knew it
Dude its rad to be back on vert again, it's like ridin' a bike, you never forget, motivate, progress,
#Just Legal,#Teensex,#GangBang,#Dogging,#uksex: Torrid Brunette Tramps Got Invaded By One Thirsting Dude Hard
damn dude. you never realize until after how much Black women really go through. lol, They're so cool
Wondered if that dude who slammed the Jack died...
Great post, dude. Also... you literally work next door to the Link?! Hot damn.
This dude Mase drops nothing but hella knowledge, the brotha is unflappable.
DUDE that'd be even better bc then I'd only have to pay the tickets and yah food and touristy stuff but still
hahaha dude I can't even take this thing seriously. It's so ridiculous it's funny.
Dude is watching Date a Live in class. Real
Stop falling for men who make you feel worthless and stop ignoring the dude who makes you feel like the center of the
Just watched someone at Chipotle take a huge bite out of the middle of their burrito mankind is so fucked dude
dude, did you turn down Coke again?
Dude -___-" She\'s so annoying " This Esther girl#GenerationsTheLegacy""
Lai Mohammed didn't even have Ben Bruce's time. Dude asked for the old man's handshake. Baba shook him like you will shake a fan
"Dude, where\'s my iPhone?"
you guys are just ganging up on me now. Lol fuck your t-mobile.! Lol jk. I think Ima try it dude fuck AT T.
A very funny comic and a really good dude was recently diagnosed with cancer. If you can help out, please do.
Dude. I'm your first follower!!!! Waving at you! I miss your face!
my room is a go down. :P @weshnoo
Dude I fucking love you&lt;3
chill dude.
Guys need to understand how important friendship is. There's nothing better than a dude we can just hang out with and tal
omg yesssss kill it dude, I love that she's playing in eug. I remember seeing her Claude at wow hall two years ago
ight bet. Dont wait to late
"Hey, dude. My name is Brent. Can I get your number? We\'re having a bunch of cool activities planned this week on the quad."
dude this is fantastic
Lol the more time spent apart, the more I'm realizing what a lame this dude was.
Freestyle from yeah dude his sick also top 25 football
i have 3 cats, do i say more what i like
how bad is pat haden that he hasn't officially fired his head coach. dude you suck.
Happy birthday have a good one dude
This how ali was eating your punches you didnt even fuckin phase him dude
it's us dude
come down to the Rosa Parks circle dude
Wait this dude said I got seniors behind my back
funny because his gf ain't the only dude she messing with
i think i just had the best customer service at the KFC in belden ! that dude was absolutely awesome
COME HERE dude
dude I would go to you for exercise advice in a heartbeat.
he even told me he hung out w another chick n it was awesome bc there was no tension. like fuck you dude, u don't even deserve my friendship
Sure dude - what a joke.
Dude it's October. You can never be too safe with Vampires on the loose.
Hello politicians! Is this not insane? Why couldn't sick dude put on dress go into girls bathroom? Pervs already video @FoxNews
When you bust and she keep suckin' while some dude offers you a Green Lantern ring.
said millennial males three times into the mirror a dude with an ironic tee showed up to tell me hes a feminist who wa
U dun hav 2 b so sarcastic dude
no dude, not about that at all. It's about TPP being very pro-big corporates and the consumers will be sacrificed a lot
. That dude has 2 make his Soros paycheck 4 being Dera
the show is already over dude stop bragging about it :\\
I haven't seen my cousins in so long dude
Yeah should be dude, see if young Dicko still has it #goalmachine
drake bell can't beat me but dude rides a little bit
dude nah tell me
okay cold turkey has kicked in dude, can you sell me an shroppieoomon your brownie recipe?
Can we all just take a second to pray for this dude.
Pat Nevin outstanding story dude #kickitout
Obviously they haven't seen Dude Where's My Car and the Butterfly Effect. Otherwise we'd have our sequel.
someone might love the thick thighs or soft tummy or awesome boobs underneath those stretch marks dude.
dude idk. I think you've been hacked. What else is gonna get leaked?
dude I got strawberry swishers at the crib
I am so over it dude. For real
I'm really missing my dude
DUDE!! Major congrats! It's gonna be a while before I get back into Castaway, but I will return eventually! :)
Him and dude just be ranking on each other my po baby be trying
it's 2015 and making music, buying music, enjoying live music, and writing about music are still seen as an entitled white
Lol dude was being a dick but he was right. Chick was laying, dude isn't the dad. Kunzima, hambani no testa #utatakho
Just be lying for no reason dude
this dude was ugly asfff
doesn't matter until you become famous da :P
i have literally repeated the same to this dude 7 times just pay the damn bill dude
dude :"""D yoh I\'m on the same boat as you on this
My love runs deep but I'll still leave A nigga if I have too I got things to do then to be wasted on a stupid ass dude
Yea Yea Yea . This Dude Was Wearing A Pats Jersey At My Job I Think You Sent Him There To Set Me Up So Explain lmao
Omg, Dude. Jailbait WARNING! DONE WATCH THIS!
Wow The best I've heard. Bruhh.. this dude killed this Hotline Bling Cover....
Dude on platform taps me: why do attractive women like you always twirl their hair? Me: you interrupted my book. But I get it from my dad.
Catch my new remix on tomorrow morning at 6.45am with my dude @DJFreshSA
thanks for the follow dude!
Dude ass gotta be new I never saw folks
ight imma ft later
How is this different lo its funny a dude will tell other women on the timeline theyre beautiful but will text it to you lmao
#TMITuedsay I've always wanted to be a rapper, something in the style of MF Doom but I sound more like a tired white dude
Dude, if you think about it Mr. Oney was like our Mr. Feeney when it came to life advice.
#xtremboy #TTBM Photo dude bogoss gay
dude ass was passed out in the middle #overload
dude wanna go zouk sometime
Dude my parents had this exact thing.
i think my dude BM still feels entitled , nooooo baby that's OURS
Dude wtf Fml like damn can I just die already ?!
Photoset: noivern: please never listen to packaging proudly proclaiming their chickens are vegeterian fed....
Thanks for the compliment dude. I miss y'all, but my brother takes priority right now.
yeah. I'll call dude trash with no problem. He still a man, though
i mean dude, kicking a nut in already hurts, but this......DAMN!!!!
chill dude, listen to your prof
DUDE: Hi, I'm Johnny... Johnny Bravo. CHIC: Hi, I'm Anne... Anne Telop.
dude, this legend in our class is doing his on John Cena and his "rise to meme stardom"
Omgosh dude, shut up who know who was doing doing it way to good , not you!! but Clara did, goshhh
A dude showed up for a fucking interview !!!!! Mark that down !!!
awesome dude can't wait to see you again it's been like 4 years
Bruiser X Lil Dude X Dolla$ign$ - On That Shit
mlc is so nice. happy i found that dude
chapter that fucced me up the worst though was when it showed Kakashi chidori'ng Rin, It killed me dude
Ron holy fuck man I know I told you this that night at the party but dude you're goin places my dude. Gimmie the loot is
Still the same dude I met 10 yrs ago but a lil bit taller lol. Happy birthday to my best friend! ILY
Every other tweet is about her or the boy she's dating like dude move on stop worrying about what she's doing
Damn I know Klay is rich, but he's an ugly dude and she's a babe. Bad move bro.
dude her ass don't wake up till 1
This gay dude just had a interview at my job. I'm quiting.
seananmcguire: lizawithazed: roachpatrol: kiddthemaniac: when-the-reindeer-comes-home: bolto: white dude in...
LMAOOO SHE SAID DUDE GOT TWEETY BIRD LIPS
woah dude, that's definitely TOO cool.
Saw a dude with a padiwan haircut
Yeah. I remember now. HOD is very funny tbh. Dude used to rap for us then.
Yes Asian dude yes, enter you workout log on an iPad, EMBRACE IT
What big red drgin dude said.
... hey dude like and sign up :) hey dude like and sign up :)
11 Christian Missionaries Crucified and Beheaded :: Prophecy Dude #Syria
dude........ i searched my name on google images.............. and i found a picture of a lady from the 1800s with the same name and we LOOK
not just that, parents will slipper if i buy any more because no more space :\\
Dude, spotted that girl on campus or whatever. The way I died
2 turn lanes, I'm cruising along and dude starts honking at me screamin saying I'm in his lane when he's clearly right next to me.. Wut??
FG Unveils New NYSC Certificates To Be Issued After The Mandatory 1 Year National\xffService
oh no dude next to me is getting paragraph texts from name with heart, you fucked up dude
That's why I drove, they never stop a fat dude in a Honda. They assume he's a Dad
LMAO this dude still on his hill with AB>;Wiggins Can someone airdrop him some food? It's very remote up there.
Dude! My heart.
thanks dude I can't wait!!
Jus seen a Asian ass dude. His name was kevin but I don't think his name is really kevin
Did you guys know that rollerblading is still a thing? Just saw this dude on the Gram shredding his local bike path. I had no idea.
aye my ipad back workin young nigga
dude I got fucked up in that match over the summer
This dude in class today
it's all good dude, you don't need college to be successful
I'm a nice dude with some nice dreams.
really gonna miss homecoming memories dude
I know Been telling yall lame ass dudes been claiming that nice guys finish last bullshit. No dude, youre just wack.
apparently I would end up on Maury trying to find out which dude is my baby daddy
It's okay dude @Bryson_blackwel
Happy birthday to my dude ready to hangout with you again soon
When you see a dude with weak shoe game...
awesome vid!!! And come on dude, I know that Ozzie! #sweetleaf
DUDE IT'S SO GOOD IM SO PROUD OF THE GUYS THEY HAVE BLESSED US WITH ANOTHER GREAT ALBUM AND I HAVE NO CHILL A
dude. You aren't a software engineer.
Dude, what if a Wii U had a 3DS cartridge slot so you could play all games on the big screen. That would be so dope.
A woman that looks like Danny Trejo has just left me a lovely comment on IG calling me ugly. Dude.
"Dude you\'re so loud rn" "What where?"
it was so funny dude
you too my dude much love.
Me and my dude way back at ROWYSO tour
omg i saw her she IS A BAE!ours is a dude so we cant see him as a bae!i wish we had a manager like B.O
I pray for this dude everyday! Can't wait for hoop season.
Was because of the film he ran over that dude fight at the filming hes fucked this time
Clearly Kanye isn't handling his own account. Dude's been tweeting an awful lot these days.
might as well dude
dude it's just what I heard
I just caught another Charley horse dude :(
just never show ur face in front of me again, pls dude pls
Colleague: *looks at my photo* dude, u run? Me: what makes u say that? He: your legs. M: I wanted to hear this ever since my school days
"Dancing with the Stars" Maksim Chmerkovskiy is on the #Allegedly w/ podcast - and dude HATES Hope Solo!
dude im already gettinf tickets lol
thanks dude I'll take a look!
Dude..... You were up by 4 in the 4th quarter!!! Cmon now
Cuz u #onhere
You live in zew Zealand right? So its like 7-8am. Dude why the fudge are you up??
this dude is dressed like a charro for "fiesta day" .....
Dude it was my second. My first was Where the Wild Things Are lol
I refuse to believe there's a 2 years gap between these pics
I have less of a life in college then I did in high school
Blow harder! Fine black dude sucks #cock on #DILF puffing #cigar #Gay #Sex
Ian Appreciation Vine
dude.........
Me: *knocks on door* -door opens- Death: Hi, may I help you? Me: Dude you know how long I've been knocking? 3 days. Get
Dr Dre living the baller status lifestyle in his 50 million dollar mansion.
no way dude, the beard might actually put you over 100%! :)
DUDE IT'S SO GOOD IM SO PROUD OF THE GUYS THEY HAVE BLESSED US WITH ANOTHER GREAT ALBUM AND I HAVE NO CHILL ANYMORE
Congrats dude! :D
This dude in Alden talking about his PTSD
Bruh I knew you befoe anybody even heard who I was before, you the real homie, glad you and I are on good terms again my dude. Hmu soon
you need to get it together dude your the reason wvu is losing
What to Dude, What not to Dude.
He's so cute dude but he does too much for me
Also can't wait to see my dude do his thing this year!
If a dude does not take care of the kids he already has, wtf would u have a kid by him?? Shit why fuck him period?? Shame
but dude come out here next month
"I\'m here to inform you all how the U.S. Govt views everyone as a cash crop." - Dude in public speaking when an ex cop
yes but you need to be here for that.... Game for alcohol.... Anytime dude
2 guys in the SC: "So why do they sing happy bday to her?" "Idk dude. Just go with it." WHATTTTT!!!!! #StopHappyBirthday2
Minister Gigabyte tailor ya hae ke mang vele? I wouldn't be surprised if ke #Skorzch. Dude is ahead of his time.
Frankly its scary sometimes, like dude why you gotta play with my emotions this way.
People who graduated in 2014 with student debt owed an average of $30,000 each. Thats unsustainable and unforgivable.
that sucks dude...
This little dude is ONE today! We wrapped a quiet, calm, happy little baby in that #Seahawks scarf
"Shame man, hes not the father. Dude you were produced with a bust up condom#Utatakho"
Sike! Stupid Michael I swear. Dude we should mess with him
The Kurt Cobain documentary is so sad dude
Aye We woulda Had to kill dude ass he did my lil sister like dat
I know dude, he don't even work tho
Who owns dis sub?" Dude fumbles when he is given an opportunity"
sweet dude, take care! Be safe!!
Ungrateful dude. Will never read or listen to anything this guy reports.
dude, right
soooo many internet trolls my dude... I wanna see what this salty girl looks like
absolutely KILLED it last night. This dude is the real deal. Grab his debut on iTunes
Happy Birthday dude!
@MecoyAkinpelu. That used to be my favourite bar on friday and Sunday because of the Makosaa nights. I know that ibo dude nd wife. Oga oh
Has any dude ever called Maury cause she says he's not the father? #ExhaustedInsanity
You're a lucky dude to have a partner like @Warcraftjen. Not only is she beautiful, she's a live action cartoon character!
Or do y'all catch a thirsty dude and make him pay for you?
dude never given over 2 stars in reviews lol same dude saying "don\'t understand what all the fuss is about" re: chipotle "I\'ll j go to moes"
No problem dude! Thank you also, I loved it the minute it came to mind! :D
Be careful ladies, that big muscular dude that you think is sexy af is getting penis in his ass every night
anxiety sucks dude shit can be like a wall you can't get past sometimes
dude your hair
You profound tweets suggest that you're a wise dude. Now look at the picture. Do you agree
the music is WAY TO LOUD dude it overpowered most of the video
dude lets go.
HEY NOW WHOA DELETE THIS RIGHT NOW UGH DUDE MY VOICE IS SO BAD IM SO EMBARRASSED EWWW
. dude, you must be off ur head if u're gonna support Ankit! kya ho gaya teri choice ko!! #Biggboss9 #BB9
uhh... that black dude that acts!!!
are you sure everything is ok dude? I mean that show is terrible.
Dude wtf this has me all hot bothered now
Means more passing yards for us. Dude has a cannon
Happy birthday my dude. Everybody misses you like crazy, we'll pour out a lil Henny for you tn.
ur incredibly cool dude.. i got a man crush on u hahaha hope to see u in vancouver
Try the new international children\'s book series "Jack the Surfer Dude
Dude...the Staten Island ferry is free...I don't get it. Feels like I'm doing something wrong. But
yes the lads, recorded the demo drums on your kit dude
This dude wants me to come to a party on the Turf...poor thing. Him nuh know seh I don't venture into Stanpipe on purpose
Hilarious dude
u r very welcome dude, always enjoy your streams when i drop in. hope u r doing well today
dude i think i found a job opening for you
damn dude, think ! think bck of how fcking loyal serious was i when we were together
I'm a dude, playing a dude, disguised as another dude
i love trauma team dude, and i feel your pain
I can smell it from here dude!
Happy birthday to The Truth, @paulpierce34!
That the dude that fucked his cousin and bragged about it?
This dude said Murray was the best cowboy player last year
This time of year "Oh shit man you lost your leg" "Yeah dude, my allergies are terrible" "Fucking allergies"
thanks my dude I appreciate it! Miss you my man!
This scrawny ass dude though
I have the cd somewhere in the house, I was a smooth dude back then, not so much now lol xx
dude was it
I go through so much dude smh
dude could my life be more fucked up
heck yeah dude! Overrated :)
I wanna know why dude in the new Naruto movie has a rinnegan in his hand
is a cool ass dude
I ain't even mad. Dude put in work.
DUDE. ADD ME.
AWESOME DUDE
dude u know we hav work to do
This dude stole someone bike and they chased him for like 2 mins
an Extremely Cool Dude named Matt Hopkins
I hate when someone doesn't know that they are greedy lmfao. Like dude cmon you are. Don't front You shady
dude, it's fake, even child would recognized it
fr dude, shits weird bro.
All those years of yabbing and bashing #Skales really made him good and I guess it paid off ... dude is dropping hit after hit
Dude you aren't 21.. You're like 26... Don't even talk to me.
Lol dude I'm not stupid, you're not going to do it
Dude. Omg
Mfs love to say "fuck her" until another dude fuck her.....but
Because i wanna know and i'm a dude i just like you a lot so if your planning to be with him forever than i' Lmao
never gonna happen dude
100 percent cuz rap isn't about the dude that the most girls wanna bang and tweet pictures of with crying emojis
This dude has emailed our entire class THREE times asking for someone to send him a completely study guide. Dude NO.
Waiter: "Dude. I only have two hands." Crazy: BRING MY TEA OR DROP DEAD.
Re: Hung Dude for Daddy 13/10/2015 15:25:26
Of course dude :), I only got to watch the main video, but I'll check the others out soon as I get a chance.
Every dude across America....
grammar dude it's dead not died
Throughout the film, DUDE is never seen bowling in "The Big Lebowski".cud have been a big issue with indian film critics?? @RajeevMasand
oh gosh dude should we?
So this dude at my job hasn't even started working yet and ALREADY hitting on the other employees.
Dude, it's the worst
thts so funny dude reminds me of last year in sag
That dude have all the jams
we do but the parties don't be that turnt they be ight. Gonna have to come kick it one day dude
Even at UH, my teammates from the mainland would be like "dude, tf are those" weeks later, they rockin\' the J-slipsthese fekes
dude. The police were involved at one point. He didn't get the hint
Wolverines
See how long it took me to have sex with one dude now it's finna take 17 more years before I have sex with anybody else no fr
you pedo get on a female's mentions brah not a dude's fagg
waddup family
Sorry, Smash Dude!
for real im legit responsible for providing 18 meals a day at my house that's a heavy load dude shoutout Parent Gang
and the only dude she follows
My teacher comes up to me and says what are you listening to? Me:Marty Grimes Teacher: dude his new album is lit @Mart
Go out to eat w a dude for break and everyone thinks we're married, dating, divorced, remarried and having fucking kids
If this dude by me dosent stop coughing
Twitter dude telling someone they\'re "hiding behind" something. Awesome.
yeah dude I know :(
geez dude. Let it go. Your wrong. Sorry
dude deserves way more followers
S/O to my dude !!! #Boss #champion
Is that the rugby world cup opening ceremony poet rapper type dude? He's quite good.
.... Dude now I feel bad! Too poor to get you anything :(
I'm not, we all know that there's at least two other people that's hotter than me dude
of course we're going to raw next month. it's my 1st one! i bet all of dude's clothes have gross stains on them and I feel sad
for real dude so lit #stpete
stop it dude. You're giving him attention... :'| let him bark...
I'm the glasses dude.
Dude. I gotta go to work. Crossing my fingers that you'll stream when I get home. :(
Happy Birthday dude! Xxx
Loool dude....
that dude must've racked up some serious bad karma lmao
Had a great time talking with my buddy Amy on democracynow about #IndigenousPeoplesDay that one dude
Today is the one-year anniversary of the Dude Perfect Stars video (says my Timehop), so a good excuse to rewatch?
rly unattractive when I smoke w a dude and he says "damn I\'m smacked" and I\'m sitting there almost sober off his weak ass pa
Tearin up outside student services bc my family is cutting me off and this dude is singing about being poor rn...
idek who my may dude is
fuck Fifa , I was holding in my laugh because there's this other dude here i ain't wanna scare him but fck it
lmfao why dude.
I love sluts i gotta chill out tho ...cuz this cunt sucked my cock , then went kissed another dude in the mouth...i dont wanna fall victim
Dude yesterday was perfect
Dude thought he was smooth trying to take my Dark chocolate raspberry bar.So Im painting his skull
Last night I got a text saying to come outside, this dude brought me homemade tortillas
there are people who don't want to own books? well they are damn expensive. It's a really cool idea @weshnoo
"What makes a man cry?" And some dude responded, "ukufebelwa" hahaha
straight cold shoulder to DeAngelo Williams. Not even right dude.
Hey nice avi, dude in the middle musta been lit he doesn't even know what way he's looking
Dude!!!
Lmao. Dude.
Dude's on the $10 bill. 'Nuff said.
Very cool topic. It explains the odd dude with that cat I see on 43rd ST. And our general relationship.
Wooow that's maverlous dude!
dude like really ? Seriously ? How many people I tell delete me off snapchat and you're the one who does it. I'm hurt
In women eyes this is being a "friendly ass dude
Went from hating "Bell" to loving in about 2 seconds. Dude you are worth 45896 more seasons of "The 100" ! German
nah dude I'm not going today I have lab too, let's go thursday
bro the other night I called a uber and it said a dude was coming to scoop, tell me why this man was a cros
dude im suprised i know this i legit cant rember shite
Exactly. Dude's a felon. They should worry about Trump's opinions since he's actually a threat.
Certain shit my dude does makes me want to kick him in the face. Then I realize he'd 1. Never talk to me again 2. Drop my high yella ass.
you haven't called me or no nothing at all dude and I tried calling your phone 10 times that day
Dude, you saying Squatch ain't real?
Idgaf the only dude that should rock any kind of bun is Gareth Bale
Dude had a bad game...
dude no way I tweeted that at 5 am and deleted it right after that's so weird. Miss him so much :(
Katie ur so young lol I promise you there is so much potential everywhere dude were about to move to a
Met this absolute dude this afternoon . What a man. Coming soon on
My first UK games industry job I was repeatedly refused a raise over the \x9c15K I was pulling in, while the dude hired alongsid
Are you jealous your breasts aren't that big? It's okay, dude. You're beautiful just the way you are. U don't hafta hate. Lmao
indeed. Sadly I don't know who the photographer is :-/
dude idk. I thought it was pretty clear...
Watch This Dude Perfectly Explain Mansplaining To Other Men ( @huffpostwomen)
I swear this dude makes me feel uncomfortable everrrrrry day
dude my blood is boiling....feeling like enough is enough time to change profile pic and status.. But i m s
dude that would be nuts
This Anderson .Paak dude is cold.
WOAH DUDE YOU DONT SEE THAT EVERYDAY
the dude who decided to go ahead and take the test on friday is lucky
I'm getting so skinny
a dude lent me his charger and then he left w/o getting it back oh no
It\'s sad flattering when a dude is clearly searching for you in every girl he fucks with. Months later, he hit you like, "hey stranger."
Some dude wants to fuck Jenni's skul!? &lt;Digs it up, Cleans it, and hides it where only he would find it.>;
I'm feelin hella hot but cold. I want to fuckin smoke dude
, when it all I goes down I got mhaa dude through whatever! Dfwt!
Dude that is nuts
Congrats on the milestone dude!
I should be the only dude in her favorites
Ed Sheeran is that dude
Just saw some dude trying to longboard in between people and just eat it. What a great day.
if you guys need me ill be here: supporting this awesome dude.
dude I thought he was in jail
Dude I saw the commercial yesterday like HUH?! That's a full year shit I barely remember what happened last season smfh
You are just a mere filthy minded jobless person who cant do anything good in this world. Better change yourself dude. You
Repo dude now tops my "I wish you were dead" list over Matt
No dude no allegations against UNC hoops. Did you not read the NOA?
This dude says wassup to me everyday and I have no idea who he is
Dude Doesnt Pull Out, His Girlfriend's Response Is What You Would Expect! see more here>;>;>;
Everyday he's a different dude
dude, congrats, how much did that beauty cost?
dude I love this class! I learn so much and gain intellectual views and ideas. Wbu?!
thanks dude been catching some lunkers lately! westoe dam mpumalanga .
Dude, that's so groovy.
ur finally tweeting im proud of u dude
Dude Fucks Blondies Feet! #free #porn #videos #nsfw
how did you do that??? I won't ask if it was dishing out cash. But well done dude!
Dude fumbles when he is given an opportunity
thanks dude I appreciate it :)
dude omg I woke up and I was like when I looked at your bed
using puss and looks to control the situation is smooth on some dudes. But trust me that will not work on every dude.
Dude getting topped down in the Harper parking lot lmfao
that new tune is killer dude
Don't stress yourself out with things you can't control or change.
probably makes sense dude
Lmao this dude made the other team's players tackle each their
dude! I showed you a tattoo I wanted, turned around you pinned my arm down were gonna put it on my hand!!! I was like WTF!
Dude you're amazing no joke. Can't wait for our library date
Dude wtf is it national be a cunt day today or what? Why is everyone so bitchy???
Dude wanted to hook me up with a pair if i give him a mainland discount.. I was like nah im coo.. hahaha
That one dude would do it too. :)
Brandon, love ur interpretation of religion and philosophy in Mistborn and Stormlight series! did books inspired this dude?
Judging every dude who finds Dej Loaf attractive idc idc idc lol
A dude 5\'4" was using the tall person hand dryer while I was using the one made for guys like him. He was literally blowdrying his chin. Wtf
lmao!!!! Dude, you need to get that temper under control. Get that belizian under control!
ohkayy, I told her she was lying cause it was a dude that looked like you that was there that I thought she was talking w
It's a sad day for men all over the world today. This and more as I ROCK the world tomorrow night 7 to 11pm EST
Let this b a warning to ALL females across the U.S.A any dude that loves 2k will KILL U
Dom Kennedy dude
Really! You called me dude. You said I am not patriotic.
see you there oli!!! hope your well dude good to see you at burn
Man and stepsister lover murder parents, dude eats stepfather's flesh | Fox News Latino via #MessedUp
. Stop whining and respond to the point I made about @xychelsea. Dude.
Or another time, I met a dude, he mentioned he had always wanted to learn more "basics" in cooking (b/c obviously I talk
Mfs really be thinking they in real live gangs wtf dude .
Dude you're the best Cody!
Man, I just wanna give a hug, some songs so lonely that I wish I could be friends with that dude
I think the best cosplay I witnessed last weekend was the dude dressed as eeyore just laying down on the show floor sul
this dude is only a few months older than me...
Adam, i appreciate you always having my back like I have yours. We always kill it when we team up. Rainbow soon my dude, lets play soon
Happy Birthday my dude! Much love
My nigga can tell you the same story 5 different ways and you will believe all of em. Simply put, dude can lie.
Dude said "I can cook. I can cook cereal with bananas".................well alright then.
Roy Halladay is the only dude in Twitter that doesn't get hate just respectful disagreement. Cuz he rocks
Every single white dude either thinks he could be a successful comedian or a famous musician if only he were asked.
dude tuna isnt a guy ya listen to at like all xD
dude that sucks
2011-2015 Assad chemical attack Assad barrel bombs Assad the devil 2015- Assad part of the solution. Dude is okay.
dude at sweetbay looks like an early 2000's pete wentz
..........oh my...dude would this make the news?
nice ah dude .
TodmanHD hey dude like and sign up :) hey dude like and sign up :)
So this Dr. who teaches C++ related the Grace Hopper debugging anecdote with her as a dude. Of course he would.
I just actually looked at this picture! Aryanah is Straight MEAN mugging this dude on the right!
treat your lady like a queen or watch another dude do it for ya.
Like, I dated a dude once, he was doing job interviews for his first "career" power-move.
Saw a dude wearing the same #WuTang shirt as me on the street. Dude: "Wu-Tang" / Me: "Forever"
happy mask tylor is so talented and great at making videos and i love that i get to work with him sometimes, that's a genu
Motho. Dude is adamant that dude isn't his kid. Something's got to give here
imagine a large dildo falling from a plane and then it strikes and kills some dude just as he kneels down to propose, like he was knighted
This dude's a G
if you love someone so much, make it some effort. shows to her. dont make her cry. or? you will lose her anyway dude
Dude I haven't ate cereal
Sup dude, how's school treatin ya?
. Good Lord, dude, call it a day. I'm starting to get achy, feverish and stuffy nosed just listening to you.
wonderful photo da :D
Shoutout to for posting things for me to reply to all the time. Cheers dude.
Wishing my dude the best of luck. See you when you get back. #Brothers #CBOD #Boyz2Men #BDS #PlayForKeeps #
dude watch the TV series planet earth! I kid you not. So don't even rn
I really thought post Malone was a light skin dude
yes nigga!! Fuck outta my life!!! Jk, dude you should already know you're not
This dude on this conference call literally just played Katy perry's song roar...... Fucking weak why are people so cheesy. Just stopp
kind ff bc, dude, harvesters family in d mix
Lol dude your so irrelevant
Dude who sneezes nonstop in lecture HAS TO FUCKING SIT RIGHT BEHIND ME
u sef give the dude what he wants
it was funny but I want her in on the action. But her threatening that dude was good.
dude who was it?
ya I wouldn\'t want to be called a trophy,but it\'s not "too high of an expectation" for a dude to be proud of amazed by his girl
Like everything's all good when you're pourin em some liquor or smoking em out. But if your dude comes up 5 g short, she'll get someone shot
Dude's a beast for sure.
Happy as fuck for dude
That shit is not cool nor funny. That lil bitchboy took off on shorty like she was dude.
I think its weird as fuck when girls call you dude or bro
it's only Tuesday dude...
Hang in there!
My dude came through over the weekend and we got inspired. Thank you so much for the kind words my
Y'all flippin niggas?
He goes to sit down and always looks back at his tail like 'dude will you quit'
Dude slick fine assfff
this dude has he nerve to talk to himself during class right next to my face ._.
This dude be having me ctfu all day
This dude beside got on some bomb ass cologne
Whyyyyy the fuck would you want to call a dude "daddy" if he ain\'t your pops?
You were involved with other girls during our relationship.. you got a new bitch days later... But I'm the hoe because
Lol some dude that's pro-life told a girl she ain't getting into medical school b/c she's pro-choice, ummm what
If your a dude and your hair is longer than your girl something is wrong.
lol Niall you're straight ass dude
dude yes! that was awesome just brought back so many memories! Thanks man, hope everything's going good!
come to Albany dude
This dude has leaves stuck in his rollerblades and I'm just waiting for this to go bad
dude just leave it alone please its not even a big deal
can't date a dude I know I can beat up
no way dude
This dude joe budden is hilarious.
Get you a working dude with no car girl. He has time for you cause he ain't tryna do much without a car
Lol you do that dude.
dude miss you so much, hope things are going really well
Funkee dance festival season one coming on the 25th of October.....its gona be hot and dude. first 3
Dude you were produced with a bust up condom#Utatakho
dude i missed yr birthday but ILY I HOPE YOU HAD A GREAT DAY i hope shits well xo
dude I'm 5'10 I'll take the pictures for you this is cute tho
Good thing I didn't go to the library, I would've been in there at the same time dude got shot
Why dude Flood shorty like dat
A dumb dude is so unattractive. I can't deal with someone tht has bad grades constantly and doesn't try on any school work. Keep that movin
I just said, "yea dude". Haha
i only spent 30 dollars but i felt like "dude chill"
sorry dude, they're just a different breed
She said "I don\'t want a relationship just a fuck buddy who won\'t fuck other bitches" like dude.. What?
dude they're everywhere
Come on w/ this bullshit, that dude w/ the bat is bigger than the other guy hes using a bat! Hes pussy!!
Nick Saban is the type of dude who rides his bike around campus with his shitty music blaring from a backpack
sick asf ain't even the word my dude.
talk to me dude!!!
As a general rule of thumb I will not "like" or "double tap" any selfies. Now, if you\'re a dude are shirtless or flexing, well, maybe.
dude ur brain cant be "armed" cuz u dont have one.ur party says u r ignorant. not my words
okay, those are your words not mine. I never stated that I agree with using the n word dude, I was
Dude! Smash that one
I want a smoke buddy like right now. Or at least someone to accompany me while I smoke lol
Bruh! That was unecessary,that dude shouldn't have talked about it
ayy thanks dude
dude, you gotta switch on the link which I gave to you, you can select which one you want, it seems like 500GB is cheapest.
it's your birthday dude. Stress tomorrow.
Hey this dude has XXX Porn in his TL is harassing women onhere! DO SOMETHING ABOUT THIS ABUSER TRASH
yeah, but not everybody wants to own a book. those that want to just borrow could use this!
Didn't know Emma had Twitter. Omygod their kids are so beautiful.
Defending reasons BJP fellows give is that "why didn\'t you speak when that incident happened?" Ain\'t justifies present du
#xtremboy #TTBM Video dude bogoss gay
Oh dude... that's not right.
I refuse to let ANY dude make me look dumb tbh!! lol thats just all to it.
share auto + 19b + train = story of my past 4 years in college @TheBodySoda
Bloke opposite me on the train is stretching his legs out so far under the table I can barely move mine. Dude, can you not.
thanks dude #GoBucks
Dude in Sbux line just seriously said, "irregardless" non ironically on the phone.
Everyone at Pima vapes I swear to god
My nephew Ian what a dude!
John Wall is such a good dude.
FWIW that 1 dude in ur TL right now has GOT 2b a troll just playing messing around.He's far too much!LOL
Fake friends.. Where's is the #OLX dude ?
that dude that held him back buddy tucked his buddy and set him up for the ko'd
oh betttt. damn dude, ima be in tempe /:
- very cool dude!
This guy at the gym is giving me so much hope. I believe in you dude, keep going!
Damn as much as I love I can't believe dude said a woman shouldn't be President because we making impulsive decisions...
Fuck dude I was doing good.
that dude mustve gotten turned down by Britt
"but you look like a dude so she\'s attracted to dudes" but I have girl parts and that\'s what she enjoys
dude u messed up my budget weekend.
dude :p
dude rt, quote, fav
My younger cousin just texted me "How does it feel being old" DUDE can\'t even put it into words
Fox Host: "It\'s Better To Be A Dude In All Situations
2 guys in the SC: "So why do they sing happy bday to her?" "Idk dude. Just go with it." WHATTTTT!!!!! #StopHappyBirthday2K15
Dude, great hanging with you after hours at NYCC!
Happy birthday big man, don't get to crazy tonight my dude #21
dude that's dope!
screw feelings dude screw them
dude he was so good at the after party! He was definitely playing a cool down set for all of the festie peeps but he was
Happy birthday dude @Jnyemetz
Dude my homies and I going in January to a live event. We got front row seats
the dude who made SMB is devilish, his games are stupid difficult
that is the most disgusting drink ever dude
dude yes!!
Happy birthday dude @tweit18
That is a really nice dude. If you ask him nicely he will sign your balls!
I swear I just love a mature ass dude that's willing to give you the world without even asking!
Where the cabbies at LGA audibly complain that it's not fair that their fare is only going to Astoria. I can hear you, dude.
okay dude this is scary someone needs to check on him or something
dude sound just dumb lol
Happy 21st birthday dude been friends for mad long and the love is mad longer.Turn up turn uuupppp htt
I'm that weird ass dude who thinks pnd is better than the weeknd
"Dude! I didn\'t know you\'ve been dating someone!" Me: "I haven\'t." "I see what you did there. Way to think on your feet."
This dude is spitting the weakest game I've ever heard lmfaoooo
I gotta get out this house like im ready to go back to school dude
1 I Need $1.25 for the vending machine! 2 Dude, make sure to get caffeine free this time. #WriteAPanel @cut
happy birthday, dude bro.
I've just checked-in to e2e via
Swear this dude I'm working with be hoeing..
dude it's my first day at my new school and I just asked to go to the washroom and he not not were your siting
and a pretty cool dude!!
dude this bish taught me in ten minutes!!
DUDE TURNED HIS CAT INTO A DRONE!
soz dude, it's taken.
yeah I feel them. Hard situation for both teams bc Utley was trying to help his team but the dude got hurt. Sucks for both sides
s/o to because shit dude I love you so much bbygirl.
I dont care about video game symphonies but the idea of this dudes monocle dropping into his drink over Zelda music is
Aw dude, hope the rest of your day goes well. :)
This dude doesn't really know what he's talking about, it's precious
kawaii.~ I wanna keep her! That dude is super bald...
dude i hope u do !!
I seen this dude drink bong water for 100
you had a baby 15 weeks ago calling a new dude bae every week.. can you focus bitch... make a bottle
Ex boyfriend just texted me saying I miss you??? No way?? Too late dude lmao
dude it blew up so fast I saw that
Dude received a bum QB with 2 already on roster. A TE who is decent and a WR who is ranked 50 in that position smh and my offer wasnt better
Dude what the faaaaawwwk
Fucking yes dude
Getting a text asking how my morning was from my dude. Dope , what you call a great friend.
kl takde duh camtu. Thank you dude anyways
okay dude just ask if u got any Q.:)
Dude to lit
dude I ran into a fridge door at work because no one knows how to close them and I had a yellow bruise on my leg
Dude when is the Xbox Destiny servers coming back I'm just sitting here on twitter watching all these PS4 guys..
This month in 1975, Bob is dubbed "The King of Reggae" by Phonograph Record! #todayinbobslife by
happy mask tylor is so talented and great at making videos and i love that i get to work with him sometimes, that's a genuinely great dude
you look nothing like that giving birth dude... Trust me lol
dude! People make it seem like it's THEEE ultimate goal for some of us it's honestly the last thing on our minds.
"Dude" You have no military bearing! I even replied with more respect than you offered.
This dude look like
I'm sorry DeAngelo Williams no ones gonna see your toe nails bruh that's highkey gay my dude just saying
ooo what's this all about fam?? Congrats dude!!
Some dude dropped on the ground crying at the airport since he was late to his flight. Such a dramatic french
Dude " WoW that was too easy...great counter by Eritrea, now we have to watch out for those counters."
very cool dude! Curious, when would be the next time you're back in town?
Dude looks like a lady
DUDE THIS WAS MY SHIT
like do you guys want to marry a dude w #Meninist and "Cool story babe now go make me a sandwich" shirts?? This is what you want or what??
sorry dude but that would have happened regardless who was PM.
I can only wish I was as happy with life as Rex Hudler is. What an awesome dude.
Arent you 15 dude
FUCK THAT DUDE .....PLAY LAMB OF GOD COMING BACK FROM EVERY BREAK !!! AND STA WITH REDNECK AFTER THAT EAGLES COUNTRY CRAP !!!!!
>;vin shows off abs dude hes fucking sucking his belly in COME ON VIN
I know dude that's why I was like wtf I'm dead
"MARIANO COLON" DON\'T E V E R COMPARE MARIANO RIVERA TO BAOLO COLON. E V E R. PLEASE QUIT YOUR FUCKING JOB DUDE
If anyone's seen that vid where a guy's training on a Segway. There's a dude in my gym doing what that guy did lol
Dude! Thats money
don't need no south dakota ass dude
I'm talking abotu 2 guys dude.. why bringing up moms?
If you're a dude and you have the smallest bathing suit at the pool, you're doing life wrong.
Dude I'm melting
dude got now but ion think he gone be on a crumb soon. Idk tho ion even listen to him
HAPPY BIHDAY CUZZO! Love you dude. Hope I get to see you again soon (: @BigRone94
alright dude, I got you
lmao dude I had no idea
why do tomorrow, what you can do today
Aye y'all....ITS THE SHEEEEEDDDDDDD
it was from head start dude :D
his brother looks like The Dude so much it's scary
"I\'m here to inform you all how the U.S. Govt views everyone as a cash crop." - Dude in public speaking when an ex cop is in the class
I think the best cosplay I witnessed last weekend was the dude dressed as eeyore just laying down on the show floor sulking.
clap that dude up ! Its for Breast Cancer my dude
I was able to make the phrase "Dude, you stink" into something much more polite.
i need to sit down and make definite plans for my damn birthday dude.
ProAm MVP Akeem Springs. Dude...can...play
Like... okay. I find the Millennial Pledge dude to be really silly. But I wouldn't really directly tweet at him or even quote his account.
What? You're totally ikemen. Dude, you need to get a manicure and you're golden. ^_^
omg dude yessssss they're golden
this dude is dead ass annoying
my ps3 is broken dude
Dude be saying some real sh*t
someone's instagram username is 'willrunforpasta' ...same, dude.
Happy bday s/o to the dude who basically lives @ my house! Thx 4 being another big brother to me!!. Love you
Me: Dude, you're not that smart. Friend: Yes I am! The other day I was reading a book about black people! Me: wtf? That's so racist xD
Hey dude Hi da Anthony whatsup what's happening Nothjng much da so sad #CLT
it is nw Is it not gud ni " lols funny dude Watching the replay of Nigeria va Cameroon
ima chill dude with alot of anxiety
And then it's three A.M. And I'm on the corner, wearing my leather This dude comes up and he's like hey punk! I'm like yeah WHATEVER !!
love you dude!!!!
Dude are you at khs too ? @EkseJosh
fwiw that dude pretty obviously needed surgery for like six years
"dude my mixtape is fire" "it is"
I wouldn't date a dude w an accent.
not even a happy birthday lmao dude got me bent
says the dude with a mustang
do some work dude .... Now
Dude me too, what going on?
DUDE LEAVE
There is an old man sitting next to me at the library, that is telling me why I shouldn't drink diet Pepsi. Please just let me work dude.
Dude pencil short as shit
haha nice one dude, totally forgot about so many of their songs that are total bangers ahah
this dude talked again
Dude, I have no clue what to be for Halloween.
it was an actual collision?!? I thought you just hit a pothole and went flying. Either way dude I got a good laugh out of it
I wanna go to cali dude
dude I know but I go to La and you don't have a membership
Any #walkingdead fans notice that was the dude that played in ?
dude, you need to apply some sunscreen! UV is going to fry you man!
i'll look in to it tar dude
You're so ugly dude
This boy naturally fine dude like wtf
dude your car go look at it its PINK !
hey dude thanks for the shout out! This looks ace!
Dammit Bay. Fucking shit up with one sexy dude after another.
Dude's trunk just popped open in front of me on the expressway ramp. I instinctively looked to see if any of you were in t
If you link me some work I cn give you an honest opinion dude :D
people praise him so much...there are literally minors out there that have been abused by this dude
lol dude she would buss yo ass. You wouldn't get the ball
S/o to the dude eating an edible right next to me
you give me headaches dude
dude we gotta hang out soon!!! I miss youuuuu
I know what you're thinking and I'm not into that so you can do me a favor and F off dude
Dude hit my car last night , but my Maro ate it..Nothing big ..God is good
dude your avi is hot
I figured that was the case. Dude better learn how to blitz sometimes lol
this dude saying he stronger than me when he as scrawny as this damn line |
k dude the is gonna think we're serious so let's not
